paper_1	Through these messages also called status updates, they share and discuss things like news, jokes, business issues and what they go through on a daily basis. These numerous amounts of information can be extracted, processed and properly utilized in areas like marketing and electronic learning. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Clustering uses unsupervised learning technique in finding similarities between data according to the characteristics found in the data and grouping similar data objects into clusters. It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . The quality of a clustering method is also measured by its ability to discover more or all the hidden patterns. This section looks at how the system for creating discussion groups was developed as well as a detailed explanation of the research method that was used to realize the objective of the study. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. The third step involved using the data already preprocessed above to train the prototype. The machine learning method used was unsupervised learning in which the system was given the data so that it automatically analyzes and creates clusters from the data  [3] . They were used to confirm that the system indeed accurately did the classification given some data items. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. The results reported in this paper were obtained from a series of evaluations that were done on the classifier on different parameters including functionality, usability, accuracy, precision and recall. The first task was to determine if the prototype achieved its overall goal which is grouping students through social media for electronic learning. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . In experimenting with the Naïve Bayes Classifier, we relied on the NLTK module which provides functions for calculating these measures for the classifier. The results below illustrate a summary of what was obtained when 200 tweets were used to test the Naïve Bayes Classifier. These measures can be improved if large amounts of data are used to train the classifier before being used to do actual classification. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_2	In addition to this, the current traffic light systems encourage extortion by corrupt traffic officials as commuters often violate traffic rules because of the insufficient time allocated to their lanes or may want to avoid a long waiting period for their lanes to come up. This research is aimed at tackling the afore-mentioned problems by adopting a density based traffic control approach using Jakpa Junction, one of the busiest junctions in Delta State, Nigeria as a case study. The sensors used in this project were infra-red (IR) sensors and photodiodes which were placed in a Line of Sight configuration across the loads to detect the density of the traffic signal. The developed system has proven to be smart and intelligent and capable of curbing incidences of traffic malpractices and inefficiencies that have been the bane of current traffic congestion control systems in emerging cities of the third world. These include loss of man-hours, accident, missed opportunities, noise pollution, air-pollution, increased fuel consumption, increased tendency to violate traffic rules, and in some cases extortion by corrupt traffic control officials. Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. In order to overcome the aforementioned problem, this research adopted a density based approach in controlling vehicular traffic. The proposed system would use a microcontroller of PIC family duly interfaced with sensors, to change the junction timing automatically to accommodate movement of vehicles, thereby, avoiding unnecessary waiting time at the junction. A traffic control model using signaling system in a discrete cross-road with NE-555 timer circuit was implemented by  [3] . The design had a provision for pedestrians to request for crossing the road as and when required by pressing a switch. This model of traffic signaling system is now being implemented across several metro and second tier cities of India. Most of the crossings handle the automated traffic signaling using fixed duration intervals between the Red, Yellow, Green and Pedestrian Pass Signal. The uniqueness of this model lies in the implementation of on-demand Pedestrian-Pass signaling, thereby transforming the design into dynamic controller. However, this system lacked inbuiltmechanism for controlling vehicular traffic based on density. Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. A major drawback of this system is that it may not provide a reliable count of the vehicles upon which density is based. Fuzzy Logic offers the possibility to 'compute with words', by using a mechanism for representing linguistic constructs common on real world problems. Real world complex problems such as human controlled systems involve a certain degree of uncertainty, which cannot be handled by traditional binary set theory. The algorithm implementation was done using Mathworks, MATLAB software, and the results were simulated using a Simulink Tool to create traffic scenarios and comparisons between simple time-based algorithms and the developed system. However, this system has the disadvantage of the controller since it depends on the preset quantification values for fuzzy variables  [6]  conducted a cross sectional study targeting traffic control in the city of Nairobi's Central Business District and its surroundings. For testing the adaptive traffic light controllers, a simulation system using Qt, C++ software integrated with MATLAB tools was developed. The simulation runs results showed that the adaptive algorithms can strongly reduce average waiting times of cars compared to the conventional traffic controllers. This approach involves breaking down a system into smaller units to enable the designer get more insight into the system. A capacitor is needed to effectively carry out the filtering of the rectified AC signal to eliminate ripples  [9]  and can thus be calculated using the equation below. Another purpose of an optocoupler is to prevent rapidly changing voltages or high voltages on one side of a circuit from distorting transmissions or damaging components on the other side of the circuit. This is rectified by the bridge rectifier, filtered by the capacitors to remove ripples and regulated by the voltage regulators to produce fixed value of 5 volts which is supplied to the system. According to the IR count, microcontroller takes appropriate decisions as to which road is to be given the highest priority and the longest time delay for the corresponding traffic light. It is a widely used type of electronic prototyping board characterized by a 0.1-inch rectangular grid holes with parallel strips of copper cladding running in one direction all the way across one side of the board. From the test carried out on the circuit, it was observed that the LEDs with the same color have equal timing, and that each pole of the four traffic light controlling poles, switches sequentially and repetitively until the circuit is disconnected from power. One of such systems is the automatic signaling using IR sensors and Microcontroller. The sensors help in keeping count of vehicles entering roads and the microcontroller subsequently allots time delay thereby giving accurate priority to each road. This new design would further reduce time delay, improve efficiency and reduce accidents by incorporating the following modifications: (1) The Airport -PTI road should have a two -way traffic light to pass the vehicles coming from Airport road to PTI road.
paper_3	In the beginning, a related work on the architecture trends of Web-based AEHSs is presented. They build a personalized model of the learner and apply this model to adapt the content and/or the appearance of the hypermedia, according to the learner's specific characteristics, such as the cognitive goal, level of knowledge, pre-existing or prior knowledge, interests, preferences, stereotypes, cognitive preferences and cognitive or learning style  [4] . (c) Adaptive Navigation Support: It adapts the link structure in such a way that the learner is guided towards interesting and relevant information, kept away from nonrelevant information either by suggesting the most relevant links to follow or by providing adaptive comments to visible links. (d) Meta-adaptive Navigation Support: It selects or suggests the most appropriate adaptive navigation technique that suits the given learner best relatively to the given context, either by observing and evaluating the success of each technique in different contexts and the resulting learning from these observations, or by assisting the learner in selecting the navigation technique that best suits to him or her. (h) Adaptive Collaboration Support; Adaptive Group Formation and/or Peer Help: These techniques support the collaboration process either just like the interactive problem solving support systems assist an individual learner in solving a problem, or they use knowledge about possible collaborating peers in order to form a matching group relatively to the kind of the collaborative task. The teaching strategies are based on  [9]  learning cycle and learning style model. The general purpose of the AEHS MATHEMA is to support learners through an interactive and constructivist educational environment in order to construct their knowledge in Physics and Technology, individually and/or collaboratively, and to overcome their misconceptions and/or learning difficulties AEHS MATHEMA supports adaptive and intelligent techniques, such as curriculum sequencing, adaptive presentation, adaptive and meta-adaptive navigation, interactive problem solving, and adaptive group formation. More specifically it supports: (1) adaptive presentation according to learner's learning style; (2) four adaptive navigation techniques which are direct guidance (uses a "next" button), link hiding (hide nonrelevant links), link annotation (use colors to indicate relevance), and link sorting (like in search engines); (3) a meta-adaptive navigation technique in order for the learner selects the more appropriate navigation technique that best suits him or her; (4) an interactive problem-solving method through personalized and collaborative problem-solving activities that exploits the teaching approaches of experimentation through simulations, guided inquiry and discovery, investigations and peer collaboration; and (5) a method of adaptive group formation for peer matching. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: In the section 2 related works for various models of architecture of AEHSs is presented. Most of the Internet based systems use a variation of conditional reasoning where a decision is made to organize the text differently from fragments or select from a group of whole pages or even groups of pages. This model retains in details all required information by the system from which the various decisions could be made. For the AEHSs various models of architecture have been developed so far on which the designers of these systems are based on. The rules together form the adaptation model in AHAM. Also, the rules use the user model information together with the action information in order to determine the required user model updates. In order to perform adaptation based on the domain model and user model is needed to specify how the user's knowledge influences the way in which the information from the domain model is to be presented. This is done by means of a teaching model which consists of pedagogical rules. AEHSs applications need to maintain a permanent user model. ADAPT  [7]  is an European Community funded project that aims to rectify the situation described in the introduction, by investigating current adaptive practices in various AEH environments and identifying the design patterns within them. The ADAPT project has identified high level design dimensions for AEHSs, which are: (1) context of use (CU), (2) content domain (DM), (3) instructional strategy (IS), (4) instructional view (IV), (5) learner model (LM), (6) adaptation model (AM), and (7) detection mechanism (DE). [8] presented a similar architecture in the Proper system based on the AHAM model. Proper's architecture is a combined architecture of SCORM LMS and AEHS. As shown in simplified form, in the  Figure 2 , they adopt the typical SCORM Run Time Environment (RTE) structure adding an adaptation module and extending the preexistent Domain and User Models. Thus the prototype involves four main modules: (1) The Domain Model (DM) that represents the domain knowledge of the system. (2) The User Model (UM) that represents the particular user's knowledge of the domain as well as his individual characteristics; both these models comprise the Data Model of the system. 3 The Adaptation Module (AM) which interacts with DM and UM in order to provide adaptive navigation to the course, and (4) The RTE Sequencer that is triggered by course navigating controls and interacts with DM and delivers the appropriate educational content to the learner. WELSA does not store the course Web pages but instead generates them on the fly, following the structure indicated in the XML course and chapter files. This dynamic adaptation mechanism reduces the work-load of authors, who only need to annotate their LOs with standard metadata and do not need to be pedagogical experts (neither for associating LOs with learning styles, nor for devising adaptation strategies). [12] proposed a framework for AEHS (  Fig. The Application Model represents the main features of the application in terms of a model of the domain, the instructional or learning theory used and how the domain concepts are grouped into learning units. The Learner Model is the structure that contains the information on the learner's characteristics that allow the AEHS to adapt to these characteristics. The Adaptation Decision Model is responsible for deciding what the system should do in terms of presentation and navigation adaptation on the basis of the conclusions draw by the Interaction Analyzer, parameters from the Learner Model and information from the Application Model. The Presentation Generator is responsible for generating what will be presented to the learner as a result of processing the information received from the Adaptation Decision Model and Application Model. Additionally, the JavaBeans offer advantages of separating the programming logics from presentation, as for the Presentation Generator and the final page composition. The system then enables to present and recommends a variety of learning contents adaptively towards each of the student's learning style identified in the student model through the adaptation model. The system then analyzes the learning content on each of the learning material, and then comes up with the generated teaching strategies by means of the teaching strategy generator and fragment sorting. The adaptation model enables the system to adaptively presents the content, based on the student's learning style by combining the fragment sorting and adaptive annotation technique. MySQL is the database of choice since there is extensive experience on Campus and provides the ability to implement adaptation rules. In the context of JSP pages, JavaBeans components contain business logic that returns data to a script on a JSP page, which in turn formats the data returned from the JavaBeans component for display by the browser. The Apache Struts is a formalized framework for the architecture style design pattern Model View Controller (MVC). It is a set of pedagogical rules that combine the learner's model with the domain knowledge for adaptive performance. The didactic design of the AEHS MATHEMA supports learners in constructing knowledge, choosing and achieving their learning goals, recognizing what they have already learned and what they are capable to do, and judging personal progress of their learning. A component of an adaptive educational system is the representation of knowledge. The domain knowledge of the AEHS MATHEMA is the basis of the system's adaptation. Student model contains information about student characteristics that allows the system to make adjustments using these characteristics. The model that supports the AEHS MATHEMA is the overlay model. It maintains the model of each learner, working in the system, and updates it throughout the duration of the interaction. The characteristics that the system maintains in learner model for each learner are: name, gender, username, password, learning style, level of knowledge for each cognitive goal (general performance), level of knowledge for each basic meaning of the cognitive goal (quantitative and qualitative characterization), concepts that have been successfully evaluated for each cognitive goal, current page, current teaching method, current navigation technique, navigation history, meta-adaptive navigation status, initial Web experience and knowledge level (pre-existing knowledge) in the current cognitive goal, ways of presenting feedback messages, preference for assistance by Advisor in terms of its navigation, course sequence, and phases of the guided dialogues in interactive problem solving process in which each learner participates. The learner during the study selects the cognitive goal he or she wishes to study, following his or her personal course in the educational content, exploits the system's assistance, navigating and studying, is informed about the information that the system maintains, who can change them by intervening and directing the system's adaptation in this way, in terms of curriculum sequencing, adaptive presentation and navigation and adaptive group formation, selects his or her learning style, selects the navigation technique, activates and deactivates the curriculum sequencing, selects the way that the feedback messages are presented, changes his or her knowledge level for each basic concept of the cognitive goal, and activates-deactivates the Advisor. Figure 6  shows a snapshot of the page showing the characteristics of the learner model where the learner can be informed about them but also modify them. The adaptation engine decides on adaptive presentation and navigation in relation to Student, Domain and Didactic models. The system, during the learner's study, monitors his or her interactions with the system and his or her assessment and accordingly updates the links to the course material provided and/or adapts learning material to learner according to his or her learning style. It is the second level meta-adaptation engine that is responsible for monitoring the cognitive improvement of the learner in the cognitive goal that he or she studies, after n successful evaluations of his or her knowledge in basic concepts, showing him or her advantages and disadvantages of the four navigation techniques that it supports. In AEHS MATHEMA, meta-adaptive navigation works as follows: The first time that the learner enters the system, he or she is asked to state his or her Web experience and level of knowledge in the cognitive goal he chose to study (preexisting knowledge). Following the learner's statement, the system suggests the most appropriate navigation technique to him or her, taking into account the level of his or her Web experience and his or her level of knowledge in the subject he or she chose to study as follows: (1) Direct guidance: Little or no Web experience and little or no knowledge of the cognitive goal. The meta-adaptation engine proposes to the learner to change the navigation technique if he or she wishes after n successful assessments of the basic concepts of a cognitive goal he or she studied, showing him or her the pros and cons and additional information on each of four navigation techniques, and the learner decides whether to change it or not. Figure 7  shows a snapshot of the meta-adaptation result. It includes the content of the JSP pages, Java servlets responsible for feedback and creation of guided dialogs in problem-solving, Java servlets for creating evaluation questionnaires, and so on. It is responsible for what will be presented to the learner as a result of the processing of the information that arrives from the adaptation engine, the meta-adaptation engine, adaptive group formation module, and application module. In this module there is the basic servlet, which deals with the presentation of the training material and other JSP pages and servlets, such as the page and the corresponding servlet to inform the learner about the characteristics of all learning styles, the servlet for the curriculum sequencing, the servlet for selecting and presenting the concept that the student selects to study according to his or her learning style, etc. More specifically it: (1) initializes and updates the Student Model; (2) collects and stores the data that the learner answers to open-ended questions, entries in tables, registers in notes, etc; (3) monitors the interactions between the learner and the system to get information about his or her choices in terms of the questionnaires, the phases of guided dialogs, the links, the options for meta-adaptive navigation, the visited pages, and more. Following a study  [13]  conducted on the formation adaptive groups in the MATHEMA, it was decided that: when the system creates a priority list of candidate peers for an interested learner, in the first and second position of the priority list, the algorithm will place the candidate collaborators with a concrete or abstract style and with the same active or reflective dimension of their learning style as follows: If the learner has a concrete learning style, then the algorithm will place the candidate collaborators with a concrete learning style in the first position, and in the second position, the candidate collaborators with an abstract learning style. Figure 10  shows a snapshot of adaptive group formation in the MATHEMA. The collaboration protocol that uses the synchronous communication tool is as follows: (1) The learner declares willingness to collaborate either by selecting his or her partner from the priority list of candidate collaborators or by declaring a desire for collaboration so that others who would like to work with him or her can choose it, while activating the synchronous communication tool. Regarding adaptive and intelligent techniques of the AEHS MATHEMA mentioned above, the students having evaluated them consider that the adaptive presentation of different teaching strategies is quite useful (93.0 percent) and fairly easy to use (86.0 percent), the different ways of navigating are quite useful (100.0 percent) and handy (90.7 percent), the meta-adaptive navigation is quite useful (88.4 percent) and fairly easy to use (86.0 percent), the adaptive group formation of collaborative teams to assist them in collaborative problem solving is useful (83.7 percent), but less user-friendly (58.1 percent). Furthermore, the presented AEHSs above have at least three main modules, such as Student Model, Domain Model, and Adaptation Model as the AEHS MATHEMA also has. The architecture of AEHSs becomes more complex as more and more functions are implemented. In order to support all these functions the architecture of the MATHEMA is more complicated from other AEHSs. In this paper the operation of each module of the system is briefly described which contributes to the required functionality of the system.
paper_21	In this paper, we present the powerful scheme ZSISMP (Zimmermann Self Invertible Stabilizer Multiplier Permutation) to attack the hardness of the minimum distance search problem of BCH codes. This scheme consists in evaluating the minimum distance of the reduced dimension sub code fixed by a Self Invertible Stabilizer Multiplier Permutation by Zimmermann algorithm. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: The next section presents the main related works. The section 3 presents the proposed scheme ZSISMP. The conclusion and possible future directions of this research are outlined in section 5. This section summarizes the most important ones. In  [10] , Augot and Sendrier found idempotent codewords of minimum weight for several primitive narrow-sense BCH codes. The artificial intelligence Simulated Annealing presented in  [16] , Tabu Search  [17] , Hill-Climbing  [18] , Genetic Algorithm  [18] [19] , Ant Colony Optimization  [20] , Metropolis Algorithm  [21] , was shown to be useful to attack the difficulty of the minimum distance search problem for BCH Codes. Unlike classical techniques based on exhaustive or partial enumeration of codewords, Berrou in  [23]  has presented an efficient approach based on the notion of Error Impulse response of a Soft-In decoder. This approach consists in adding to all-zero codeword a level of noise and considering the minimum distance as the smallest level of noise from which the Soft-In decoder fails in correction. The proposed method MIM-RSC, has allowed an efficient local search and therefore finding the true minimum distance of some BCH codes of length 1023 and 2047 as well as obtaining good results in comparison with the previous works presented in  [17-18-19-20-21-22 ]. From these stabilizers, we take only a Self Invertible stabilizer if it exist and by using a mathematical tool, we find the sub code fixed by this involution and then we evaluate the minimum distance by using the famous Zimmermann algorithm. This section presents the proposed scheme for finding the lowest weight in BCH codes. This section presents also a comparison between the proposed scheme and previous work on minimum distance for BCH codes. It is well known that the smallest primitive narrow-sense BCH code whose minimum distance is greater than its designed distance is BCH (127, 43, 29) and it is the only one for this length. It is known also, that All the narrow-sense primitive binary BCH codes of length 255 have their minimum distance equal to their designed distance except BCH (255, 63, 61), and BCH (255, 71, 59). A comparison between the proposed scheme with Zimmermann algorithm, on some BCH codes are made. These results demonstrate that the proposed scheme outperform greatly the famous Zimmermann algorithm. The table 3 presents a comparison between the proposed scheme and MIM-RSC method  [24] . The experimental results show that the proposed scheme outperforms several known powerful techniques.
paper_31	With the continuous improvement of human living conditions and the aggravation of global aging level, chronic diseases such as hypertension and diabetes continue to plague human health. This paper takes chronic diseases as the research object, and proposes a design of intelligent medical system for chronic diseases based on semantic matching by the adaptation of ZigBee technology in the front-end data acquisition. Through the ZigBee wireless sensor network, this system sends the physiological parameters collected by various medical sensors to the intelligent medical system, and innovatively proposes semantic matching algorithm to solve the queuing problem of data transmission, to ensure the accuracy of data transmission. It will cause many problems: firstly, it is unable to check the patient's continuous vital signs data; secondly, it is impossible for patients to get their own condition on time; thirdly, it is liable to doctors' misjudgment. In-depth interviews with 91 employees in different positions from 11 grassroots medical and health institutions since July 2019 show that the efficiency of mobile medical care in the surveyed areas has appeared  [2] . With the means of the Internet, with the carrier of the mobile terminal, intelligent medical treatment founded on the units of family is a new trend. Therefore, it is of great significance to develop an intelligent data analysis platform to record, store, and share and handle various personal health signs in time through wireless transmission. For example, the General Hospital of the People's Liberation Army (PLAGH) communicated and discussed some diseases with foreign experts through satellites. For example, some domestic hospitals use Bluetooth technology to monitor the ward room. And some scholars combined Bluetooth technology with GSM short message to realize the collection and remote monitoring of physiological parameters such as blood pressure  [12]  and pulse. Chronic diseases can easily cause damage to patients' vital organs such as the brain, heart, and kidneys  [3]  to seriously affects working ability and quality of life, and its high medical expenses increases the burden of economy on society and families. With the emergence of various new telecommunication technology, scholars kept providing health care using all sorts of communication technology. Therefore, the word "Telemedicine" arose. At this stage, telemedicine has gradually transitioned to WITMED, and developed from precision medicine to disease prevention  [5] . Detecting physiological signals in the daily life of the population can effectively grasp the health status of the people in the area, and provide an important reference for the diagnosis and prevention of chronic diseases  [10] . In this telemedicine stage, it gradually focused more at community, families and individualized care  [11] . There are some defects of the current WITMED (Wise Information Technology of med) system as follows: (1) The inadequate reliability of data transmission. At present, ad-hoc network cannot work no matter using GPRS or WIFI devices, and only one kind of vital-sign data can be transmitted at a time. The current WITMED system focuses only on data acquisition instead of processing uploaded data and returning the result. The growing trend of WITMED system shows that a variety of health signs data will be monitored, transmitted, processed and analyzed in real time, the system can process the uploaded data. Since 2014, the central and local governments have formulated a series of policies around intelligent health care, pointing out the direction for the development and construction of it. Alibaba founded Alibaba health  [15] ; Tencent launched the first AI+ medical product Tencent Meiying in 2017; many large enterprises integrated medical resources through mergers and acquisitions to lay out the intelligent medical industry chain. The system architecture diagram is as follow:  Fast and correct data acquisition is the basis of the platform's efficient operation. Data analysis roadmap is shown as follows:  After collecting patients' physiological information from the node, various physiological sensors will continuously upload them to the coordinator. The general technique route of the algorithm is as follows: Propose a comprehensive sorting algorithm, on the basis of semantic matching and a first-come-first-served principle. Suppose there are N pieces of information to be sent according to the messages' arriving order, divide each message into many words, and mark each word as Nm, , . Therefore, it is obvious that the matching degree is a fraction smaller than 100%. Finally, the request is inserted into the message queuing sequence by the matching degree. The general algorithm of this part is as follows: Define priority function: f x, y ax by ε, with a basic definition as follows: x: semantic matching degree, 0≤x≤1 y: a request arriving at the serial position, 0<y≤1 a is defined as the weight of semantic matching degree, 0<a<1 b is defined as the weight of serial position of Request arrives, 0<b<1, a+b=1 ε is defined as the disturbance value, 0≤ε≤0.1, with the default as 0. Generally, a is close to µ= 1 2 , formula_0 Therefore, the process of queuing algorithm based on Semantic matching is as follows: With the hypothesis that a= 1 2 (to take one half of the sum) x= 5 10 (there are 10 participles in semantic information, of which 5 are matched), y 1 (Before a new message arrives, assumes that the request queue has 10 participles waiting, then: f x, y y a x y ε =0.294, therefore, the priority value of the message is 0.294. After all the messages in the queue are calculated according to the above formula, they are inserted into the existing waiting queue indescending order. This research proposes an improved space vector model algorithm to ensure whether the patient has a related disease by the similarity between the physical signs and the disease on the basis of calculation of the sign value, continuous sign value and the disease characteristic value. An improved SVM calculation method is as follows: Definition 1 (conception): Define a tuple F= (X, Y, Z), in which x is the collection of all objects is the object property set, Z (X*Y), Z is a subset of X*Y. AES encryption process is shown in  Figure 4 : (3) column Mixed Operation The column mixed transformation is realized by matrix multiplication. The state matrix after row shift is multiplied by the fixed matrix to obtain the confused state matrix. The column mixed operation formula is shown as  Figure 6 : (4) key plus calculation Key plus calculation operates the 128 bit key is XOR bit by bit with the data in the state matrix. The process of key plus calculation can be regarded as the result of Bitwise XOR or byte level or bit level operation. The calculation is shown as  Figure 7 :   After logging in the system, enter the sign input interface and put on the sensor, the system will automatically input the relevant data collected, as shown in  Figure 8 : After inputting the data of relevant signs, the system will automatically generate diagnosis & treatment files and health assessment according to the relevant data. The method of backstage data giving warnings and putting forward corresponding disposal measures by big data processing as shown in  Figure 9  is better than clustering, and the choice of Space vector model is more accurate than such models as Zigebee Health Care Profile chosen in the references. In this study, a design scheme of intelligent medical system based on semantic matching is proposed, with the front-end data acquisition which adopts ZigBee technology, and a semantic matching algorithm is innovatively proposed to solve the queuing problem of data transmission to ensure the accuracy of data transmission. Through ZigBee wireless sensor network, the system sends the physical parameters collected by various medical sensors to the information control terminal, and the improved spatial vector model is employed to process the uploaded data in the process of data transmission by the intelligent data analysis platform, and the security of data transmission is ensured by adopting the AES encryption algorithm in the whole process. The intelligent system realizes the data collection of the whole process of outpatient service, examination and treatment, which can provide data support for the precise treatment of diseases.
paper_38	The study aimed to determine if any of the entry requirements such as Ordinary Level (OL) results, Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) scores or Post-UTME (PUTME) scores could predict an outstanding academic performance of first-year undergraduate students admitted into the Faculty of Science in the Kaduna State University, Kaduna. The study adopted the descriptive research design. Pearson Product Moment Correlation (PPMC) Coefficient and Multinomial Logistics Regression (MLR) were the statistics used to answer the four research questions used. The results revealed that with a weak correlation, OL is a good predictor on the CGPA, a dependent variable, for academic performance which holds true for students who are in the CGPA category of '1st class' and '2nd Class Lower' respectively. Each student is expected to have at least five credit passes in not more than two sittings in Mathematics, English Language and three other science-based subjects such as Chemistry, Biology, Physics and Geography at the Ordinary Sa'adatu Abdulkadir and Francisca Nonyelum Ogwueleka: Predicting Students' First-Year Academic Performance Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria Levels (OL) of either Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) which is conducted by West Africa Examination Council (WAEC) and National Examination Council (NECO). In Nigerian universities, an academic performance frequently is defined in connection with semester examination performance. The focus of this study is to predict full-time undergraduate students' first-year Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA), which is one of the variables for measuring the academic performance by using entry requirements, such as Ordinary Levels and UTME, for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University (KASU), Kaduna -Nigeria. The objectives of this study are to: i. The following research questions directed the study: 1. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores (average of OL results & UTME scores) of students and their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? The numerous ways of reporting academic performance include raw scores, percentages, transformed scores, or even as categorical variables such as Excellent, Merit, Very Good, Pass, First Class, Distinction, A1, B2, C4, F9, and others. The underlying assumption made in such selection is that those admitted by satisfying the admission criteria will be successful in the successive academic activities attached to their studies. The authors in  [8]  comparatively analysed the academic performance of graduates admitted through UTME and preliminary programmes (Certificate, Basic Studies and School of Science Laboratory Technology [SSLT]) in the University of Port Harcourt. Graduates with the best academic performance from the preliminary programmes were those admitted through the certificate programme. Partial Correlations Coefficient (PCC) was used in addition to PPMCC in  [12]  to predict the student's final grade in from a sample population of 306 students of Faculty of Health Sciences and Technology at the Enugu Campus of the University of Nigeria that had their final results ready and approved by Senate at the end of 2012. The author's study found that the use UTME score was a very poor predictor of students' final grades and thereby recommended that less emphasis should be placed on UTME scores as a criterion for admission of candidates into universities. The study by  [13]  found a significant relationship between students' scores in three examinations, namely: UTME, PUTME and 100-Level Psychology course, Faculty of Agriculture, Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, and thus concluded that the UTME has predictive validity for performance in the university. In contrast to the studies from the earlier mentioned authors,  [15]  investigated the relationship between 276 students' performance in the entrance examination and their performance in Mathematics in two selected Colleges of Education (CoE) in Osun and Oyo states each. This section discussed in detail the methodology employed such as research design, sample of study, instruments used, the procedure for the collection of data and data analysis. The Predictive Correlational Ex-Post Facto design was identified to be the most appropriate for the study since the results (CGPA, UTME and OL) of students in the Faculty of Science were used in reaching conclusions about the whole prediction of academic performance. The population of the study was limited to consist of all students admitted into three Faculty of Science undergraduate degree programmes of Kaduna State University for five academic sessions from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 using the OL, UTME and CGPA results. The data used in the study are the OL grades, and JAMB UTME scores obtained from the University's central database, and the academic standing of first-year CGPA results collected from the various departmental examination officers (DEOs) with the approval from the Dean of the Faculty of Science. It was used in this research study. The results of the data analysis are presented in tables according to the research questions that guided the study in this section. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores (average of OL results & UTME scores) of students and their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? For the Computer Science programme, as shown in  Table 5 , the correlation coefficient indicated a low negative correlation in UTME-CGPA (-0.092) and PUTME-CGPA (-0.001) and a low positive correlation for OL-CGPA (0.072). The indication shows that the nine correlation coefficients for this research question are very low out of which five have a low negative relationship. How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? In  Table 6 , the likelihood ratio Chi-Square of 18.723, 17.661 and 12.401 for Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics programmes with a significant value of 0.227, 0.281 and 0.414 tells us that the model as a whole does not predict the dependent variable, i.e., CGPA. A Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) was performed to model the relationship between the predictors and membership in the six groups, i.e., CGPA categories (Fail, Pass, 3 rd Class, 2 nd Class Lower, 2 nd Class Upper and 1 st Class) for each degree programme. Each of the five equations for every degree programme in  Table 7  includes the intercept and the slope for the predictors. Among the classification of degrees, each of the five subgroups for each programme, that is Pass, 3 rd Class, 2 nd Class Lower, 2 nd Class Upper and 1 st Class, are contrasted with the baseline group of 'fail' degree. These showed that the relative strengths of their OL result performance on the CGPA categories of 'Pass', '3 rd Class', '2 nd Class Lower', '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' are higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail'. This result shows that the relative strength of UTME on the former is higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' and otherwise for the latter. Finally, the slope (B) of PUTME in all the CGPA categories is negative, which shows that the relative strength of those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' is higher than the other categories. For Mathematics and Physics students the relative strength of OL, UTME and PUTME on CGPA performance are statistically insignificant except for the slope (B) of OL in the CGPA category of '1 st Class' for Mathematics students, which statistically significant. Table 8  shows the summary of correlations coefficient between OL-CGPA, UTME-CGPA and PUTME-CGPA aimed at all the degree programmes for the academic sessions ranging from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015. PPMC was used to analyse the data for this research question. How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME Sa'adatu Abdulkadir and Francisca Nonyelum Ogwueleka: Predicting Students' First-Year Academic Performance Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria scores of students predict their first-year CGPA across the academic session, 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? As shown in the Likelihood Ratio Test results in  Table 9 , the likelihood ratio Chi-Square of 37.446, 19.938, 46.141, 14.349 and 11.167 for 2010/2011, 2011/2012, 2012/2013, 2013/2014 and 2014/2015 academic sessions which has the following as significant values of 0.001, 0.174,.000, 0.499 and 0.741 tells us that the model for students admitted during the 2010/2011 and 2012/2013 academic sessions predicts the CGPA, which is the dependent variable while the other academic sessions does not. For all the academic sessions as shown on the results, the first equation intercept is the log of the ratio of the possibility of a student having a 'Pass' degree to the possibility of that student having a 'fail' degree. These show that the relative strengths of their OL result performance on the CGPA categories of 'Pass', '3 rd Class', '2 nd Class Lower', '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' are higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail'. Furthermore, the slopes (B) of UTME in the CGPA categories of the '3 rd Class' is negatively signifying that the relative strength of UTME is lower than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' and the rest are positive which signifies otherwise. The relative strength of OL, UTME and PUTME on CGPA performance of students admitted in the 2010/2011 session is not statistically significant except for the slope (B) of OL in the CGPA category of '2 nd Class Upper', which is statistically significant. As for the students admitted in the other sessions, 2011/2012 to 2014/2015, the relative strength of OL, UTME and PUTME on CGPA performance are statistically insignificant except for the slope (B) of UTME in the CGPA category of '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' for those admitted in the 2012/2013 academic session, which is statistically significant. However, by combining all the criterion variables, that is OL, UTME, and PUTME, as one variable and performing the PPMC and MLR, findings show that OL is a good predictor on the dependent variable for academic performance with a weak correlation of 0.068 which is statistically significant at 0.04 level. Although OL and UTME are still necessary as instruments for admission, it is recommended that the University be advised to include some other instruments such as senior secondary school mock examinations results for selecting candidates into any of the undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science. The authors in  [21] , in their study also recommended the need of potential researchers to compare the OL, UTME and Post UTME terms and scores across Nigerian Universities for standardisation and a model for educational development in the twenty first century.
paper_57	This paper attempts to overcome stagnation problem of Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithms. This problem has been addressed by Genetic operations (GO) incorporated into ACO framework. Crossover and mutation operations have been adapted for use with ant generated strings which still have to provide feasible solutions. Genetic operations decrease selection pressure and increase probability of finding the global optimum. Ant colony optimization represents an efficient tool for optimization and design of graph oriented problems. [2]  as Ant system (AS) algorithm. formula_0 formula_1 T k (t) is the tour generated by ant k, Q is a constant and tuple (i, j) denotes beginning and termination node of an arc. Later the ant uses probability selection rule to choose the next arc according to formula_3 where p k ij (t) is probability the ant k chooses the arc (i, j) from the neighborhood N k i of node i except the node visited previously. The probability p ij (t) of choosing the particular arc (i, j) depends on pheromone τ ij  (t)  and the heuristic η ij values which are associated with the arc (4). formula_4 Symbols α and β are weight parameters and represents balance between ant's gathered knowledge and the user preferred area. Heuristic values η ij affect probability only at the beginning when pheromone values are low. The stagnation avoidance mechanism (ii) is based on the comparison of a randomly generated quantity q ∈ (0,1) with probability p k ij (t) of selected arc. This occurs in later stages of the search process, where pheromone values tend to be high, and thus the chance of further exploration is low. The original GA is known as simple genetic algorithm (SGA). GA belongs to adaptive stochastic optimization class and is typically used for combinatorial problems. In ACO adaptation the first and the last node is excluded from mutation. For feasibility reason the replacement node n r (new gene) is such a node from the node n i neighborhood N i , to which an arc from n i predecessor n p to n i successor n s exists  (Fig. If more such nodes occur, random selection is applied. If no such node exists, another gene is randomly picked up from the list. In ACO algorithm crossover position is represented by a common node of parental strings except the first and the last node  (Fig. If more of such nodes exist, random selection is applied. Since optimization process is primary done by ants cooperative behavior, the selection process has purely random concept and genetic operations serve just for selection pressure decrease. The above described genetic operations have been applied to one of the best performing ACO algorithms of Kumar, Tiwari and Shankar (ACO KTS )  [5] . Prior the genetic operations all loops are removed from the tours. It is applied on random selected tour T k (t) in random selected node. If more candidates by which the selected node can be replaced occur, the new node is random chosen from the candidates. If mutation fails on all nodes of the tour, another tour is chosen. Parent strings are random selected. If crossover operation is not feasible, another second string is selected. If no tour has common node with the first selected tour, another first tour is selected and the random selection process is repeated. Since genetic operations may produce strings with loops, in ACO framework prior and immediately after each genetic operation a loop removal procedure is performed. The above described ACO GO algorithm has been tested on a random generated graph. The results received with GO are better almost in any case. Results received without crossover operation have higher values along with the Mutation paths axis  (Fig. However, results received with two crossover pairs have higher values along with the Mutations per path axis  (Fig. with no crossover pair certain amount of mutation operations should be spread out among more paths, but with 2 crossover pairs concentration of mutation operation on less paths tends to perform better. The results for one crossover pair show different behavior. Genetic operations where nearly always feasible; ratio accomplished / required mutation operations is 100% and for the crossover operation over 99%. In order to determine the effect of crossover operation crossover rate was let to grow up to 100%  (Table 3) . As the crossover rate increases, ratio accomplished / required operation decreases  (Fig. Mutation operation causes better results than crossover operation. This can be explained by the nature of the mutation operation which creates new paths whilst crossover operation can only combine already existing solutions. Without crossover operation distributed mutation operation has better performance, but with two crossover pairs concentrated mutation operation on less paths tends to perform better.
paper_78	A hundred plots were classified into 12 vegetation formations by fuzzy C-means clustering. The results suggest that fuzzy C-means clustering is an useful technique for classification of plant community. It is applicable in ecology because the description of ecological systems is not always possible in terms of a binary approach  [4] . Ecological communities, such as Glycyrrhiza uralensis communities, have great variations in their species composition respond more or less independently to environmental variables. Like licorice, most medicinal plants are harvested in the wild and the extended use has led to some medicinal species endangered and tending to be extinct, and the protection of such medicinal species has been urgent  [12, 13] . The studies on medicinal plants and their communities are the basis for their conservation and restoration. Some studies on the taxonomy, biochemistry, pharmacology and genetics of Glycyrrhiza uralensis have been carried out  [15, 16] , while the research concerning its community ecology is limited  [7] . This study aims to identify Glycyrrhiza uralensis communities and analyze their characteristics on composition, structure and environment in North China. Classification is the process of dividing plots into clusters (communities) so that plots in the same cluster are as similar as possible, and plots in different clusters are as dissimilar as possible. The Fuzzy C-means clustering attempts to divide a finite collection of n elements (plots) formula_0 into a collection of C fuzzy clusters with respect to some given criterion. Given a finite set of data matrix (species × plots), the method calculates a list of C cluster centres  formula_1 formula_2 Where i = 1, 2, …, N = the number of plots; j = 1, 2, …, C = the number of clusters; U = {U ij } = the matrix of membership values, U ij is the membership of plot i in cluster j; V is a matrix of cluster centers; m is fuzzifier which determines the level of cluster fuzziness (1 ≤ m < ∞). The first DCA axis was used as the basic data X i in clustering. (2) Determining the number of clusters C according to ecological meanings. The coverage, mean height, individual number for shrub and herb species was measured in each plot. The coverage of species was estimated by eyes, and the heights were measured using a tape ruler. The elevation was measured by a GPS, slope and aspect measured by a compass meter. The Importance Value (IV) of species was calculated and used as data in clustering analysis. It classified 100 plots into 12 clusters, representing 12 Glycyrrhiza uralensis communities, e.g. The name and characteristics in species composition, structure and environment of each community are described below. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Stipa bungeana. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 75%, a shrub layer cover of 20% and an herb layer cover of 65%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 25% with a density of 3600 ha -1 . Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Polygonum bistorta. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 5% and an herb layer cover of 70%. The common species are Oxytropis myriophylla, Polygonum divaricatum, Adenophora gmeliniia, Potencilla acaulis, Suaeda prostrate, Astragalus melilotoides, Allium condensatum, Artemisia ordosica, and Oxytropis grandiflora. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 35% with a density of 5700 ha -1 . Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Ephedra przewalskii + Cancrinia discoidea. It is distributed from 280 to 500 m in hills with slope 15 -25° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. It is distributed from 350 to 650 m in hills with slope 15 -35° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Astragalinae triloa + Stipa sareptana. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Aneurolepidium chinense +Stipa sareptana. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Festuca logae + Stipa sareptana. The common species are Artemisia parvula, Scorzonera divaricata, Roegneria kamoji, Potentilla bifurca, Carex duriuscula, and Ranunculus japonicas. Fuzzy C-means clustering successfully classified 100 plots into 12 communities dominated by Glycyrrhiza uralensis. Theoretically, fuzzy C-means clustering is the only one soft clustering method and can deal with much imprecise and incomplete information and has advantages in solving non-linear problems and in studying complex system  [2, 17] . Vegetation systems are very complex with interactions of species, communities, environmental variables, and so on  [18] . This study proved that fuzzy C-means clustering is fully usable in classification analysis of plant communities  [1, 19] . These twelve formations represent the general vegetation of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in northern China  [21, 22] . They distribute from temperate meadow grassland, through typical temperate steppe and desert steppe to temperate desert regions from east to west in North China  [15] . These communities are important not only for protection of medicinal plant species but also for conservation of ecosystems and their environments in semi-arid and arid regions in North China  [23, 24] .
paper_96	This not only restricted the development of China's transportation greatly, but also threatened to people's safety seriously. In particular, the accidents caused by the blind due to there are more frequent reproduction, so their traffic safety has become a big issue to solve urgently. In the program, a new type of "warning system of obstacle avoidance of embedded electronic guide dog" has been developed on the basis of careful analysis of all kinds of present anti-collision warning systems, which has a core micro-controller, 32-bit ARM7 microprocessor, and takes the embedded operating system uCLinux as its platform. Such warning system of obstacle avoidance of embedded electronic guide dog can effectively eliminate the impact of the traffic environment and the subjective factors of the blind, warning in advance for the travelling blind in time, effectively avoiding obstacles such as vehicles, to reduce traffic accidents caused by the their blindness. Especially when I heard the news that a blind man had been hit and killed when crossing the street just several days before because of his blindness, my compassion was once again inspired, and I was very eager to do my best to help the blind. Currently, some of the international anti-collision avoidance system development has made some achievements, and the more successful countries are Japan, Germany, and the United States. [1]  In the design process of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog, we firstly has carried on a comprehensive evaluation and analysis for each scheme, and then put forward a new idea that it introduces the open source embedded real-time operating system uCLinux, with a high-powered ARM core as the core processor. What's more, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog has utilized the core processor, based on the realization of the system function, and development conditions. Moreover, the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also selects USB protocol to transfer data, saving the collected data in the hardware after being managed. The hardware of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog can reference the Figure 1:  Figure 1 : Schematic diagram of hardware system structure  [4]   In the anti-collision early warning system, referenced in the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog, there mainly exits four steps, that is, information collection, information processing, information judgment, and warning information. Therefore, in the design process of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog, after the comprehensive and comparative analysis of the anti-collision warning techniques, we have compared the optimization principles of the anti-collision warning techniques, and finally adopt the approach of millimeter wave radar sensor + ARM microprocessor. The design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also adopts the generally used embedded processor. In addition, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also makes a full use of USB. The reference model is shown in  Figure 2 . of USB reference model  [4]   Today, with the rapid development of transport and vehicles, the frequency of traffic accidents has been being high, which not only greatly restricted the development of transport, but also made people travel in great danger. The warning system of embedded electronic guide dog avoiding obstacles studied in the project can effectively eliminate the influence of traffic environment and blind subjective factors, send the pre-trip alarm for the blind in time, effectively avoid obstacles such vehicles, to reduce traffic accidents caused due to the blindness. This has not only a positive role in promoting the development of Chinese transport and the blind welfare, but also important practical significance and practical value for us to build a harmonious society and a beautiful China.
paper_134	Data mining, also referred to as knowledge extraction from databases, is one of the most important analytical methods for identifying the relationships between the various elements of the information collected in order to discover the useful knowledge and support of strategic decision-making and sustainable development systems in various industries. Mathematical modeling, quantitative analysis of data and new algorithms can identify new relationships between different data, which in turn leads to competitive advantage. For categorizing of fake olive oil by using frequency specification, Support vector machine, linear regression, Ensemble Trees and Gaussian was developed. A set of 16 samples of olive oil, sunflower, canola and corn oil which mixed with different ratio of Authentication, were used for calibration and evaluation of developed system. Both of these areas work in model identification and data classification issues and will, in effect, be directly used in data mining, and both groups are active in identifying and using neural networks and decision trees  [2] . Data mining simultaneously utilizes several disciplines such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, neural networks, statistics, pattern recognition, and science-based systems. Typically, the conductor plates of the capacitor are made of aluminum, zinc and silver, and among them, a dielectric can be placed in the air or other material. Based on the dielectric method, when a material is placed in the alternating electric field, the positive and negative charged particles in it will constantly tend to move in the electric field. The great benefit of mixing vegetable oils with lubricant makes it hard to find the type of product. The second pertain to data mining algorithms; third part related to samples and used methods in the article. They used a 4V sine voltage in the range of 10Hz to 1 MHz to determine the dielectric properties of a binary mixture of olive oil. In addition, PCA has been used to classify virgin oil samples, separately from fake oils. The results of the experiment showed that the dielectric constant is strongly affected by the size and volume of the fruit and also decreases with the increase in the fruit juice, which is clearer in a frequency of 1 MHz. This parameter had a good relationship with all the quality properties of eggs (elevation of the cell, height of albumin, etc.). Using this parameter and egg mass, they extracted regression models and reported that the application of this method to the egg production line and its grading based on quality properties requires more research  [14] . (2015) reported a research about egg grading using image and sensor processing. According to the researches that carried out in relation to the determination of the quality and content of agricultural products and food industries, it can be concluded that different methods have been developed to counteract the adulteration in these products. Then different classification algorithms by MATLAB software and various techniques such as support vector regression were done and finally output dates were processed. The samples of sunflower oil, canola oil and corn oil which are known as adulterated oils were also obtained from national markets. The dielectric experiments started on the dielectric parameters of olive oil one day after the preparation of the sample. The samples were blended with sunflower canola and corn oil, and they made up a total of 9 classes with varying percentages (from 60 to 100% in 5% increments), each of which was shed separately, according to the desired amount, of 100 centimeters inside the sensor. Due to the high flow of data, the ch340g chip on the Arduino board is used to measure dielectric parameters as well as a device that can detect the purity of olive oil. Arduino has a variety of ports, controls, side panels, and screen connectivity, while it may be smaller, less expensive, and possibly faster than a microcomputer system. The AD8302 chipset has been used to measure the domain and fuzzy detection, as well as to measure the dielectric parameters. Support Vector Machine Regression (SVR) aims at finding a linear hyper plane, which fits the multidimensional input vectors to output values. One of the new ideas in identifying and categorizing patterns is a backup vector machine or SVM. In particular, SVM does not have the problem of local optimization in its training, it builds the categorizer with maximum generalization, determines its structure and topology optimally, and functions nonlinear differentiation easily with low computing using It forms the concept of an inner product in the Hilbert space. A pair of matched logarithmic amplifiers provides the measurement, and their hard-limited outputs drive the phase detector. Figure 2  shows response diagrams for adulterated samples of olive-sunflower, olive-canola, olive-corn Using this technique, the amount of RMSE for the samples were equal to 3.65, 2.46, 3.31 and the amount R 2 was equal to 0.92, 96 and 93, respectively. In the current research, three different techniques were applied to predict olive oil adulterated. Comparison of the testing stage of these techniques showed coarse tree was the best prediction. As regards, the accuracy of the methods are close together, this can be concluded that all selected techniques, presented here, have a good potential to be used to determine olive oil fraud. Also device used can classify samples and use for other oils. As regards, the accuracy of the methods are close together, this can be concluded that all selected techniques, presented here, have a good potential to be used to determine olive oil fraud.
paper_139	In this proposed system, we are successfully identifying and minimize the redundant information and like link in web documents. Retrieving relevant information from web without redundancy is more challenge task nowadays where in web mining communities  [3, 4] . Utilizing customary data recovery  [5]  and information mining systems it get to the known and obscure data from the Web content. Traditional web mining algorithms handle with structured document  [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15]  than the advanced methodology of mining algorithm can dealthe entire heterogeneous document comprises of images  [9] , graphs, videos  [16] , etc. A query is searched in a web search tool to recover some significant and required data for the client, either the search query is known or unintelligible to the client, it generally to reply with relevant data rather than redundant, however we can't guarantee that the reply for the query about the significance and redundancy. Once the input query is requested, the search engine generate the document with multiple web pages along with the links, the user will be unaware about the content of the web pages, the extracted web documents contain multiple web pages either be redundant or not. The Document retrieved must follow some constraints which have less time & space requirements, based upon the criteria the extracted web document must be preprocessed, for preprocessing & information selection, need to apply some techniques such as stop word removal, Stemming of word, phrasing, normalization of tokens. Initially calculate measure for all the vertices and maintain the set U which contains a minimum and maximum degree for all vertices and isolated measure vertex. Step2: Pick the minimum degree vertex 'v' in the set-up and include in the set U. Step3:While U doesn't include all vertices Step3A: Include the entire isolated vertex which is adjacent to the vertex 'v' to U. Step3B: Find the adjacent vertex 'u' to 'v' which is not in U and has maximumdegree. Repeat step 3 till all nodes are included in the set U. Step4: Finally network U contains no cyclic information. Case I:Regular set-up Connected Regular Setup Case I: A Consider the following connected set-up G 1 in figure 2, having 12 nodes having 3 degree in all vertices along with redundant links. Apply the proposed KTMIN-JAK-MAXAM ALGORITHMto G 1 By step 1: deg(All Nodes of G 1 ) = 3 By step 2: Mark the node A as visited and put it onto the set U. By step 3: There is no isolated vertex in the given graph G 1 By step 4: 4.1 Investigate any unvisited adjacent node from A. 4.2 Search the node B, the unvisited adjacent node is from B as 2 and 7. After inclusion of the node 1 the set U consists of the nodes A, B, 2, 1. Future work aims to create a finite automata tool to produce only relevant and without redundant information of web documents in data mining.
paper_145	An upward shift of prevalence rate was observed among the higher educated respondents. Overweight and obesity were more among urban residents compared to rural residents and they were thirty two percent more exposed to overweight and obesity. According to factor weights it was noted that the important factors for variation in the level of obesity were mainly gender variation followed by occupation, education and type of work. Obesity is generally associated to a significantly higher risk of arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus (DM), hepatic steatosis, hyperdyslipidemia and renal failure  [5, 6] . It had been observed in some research findings that youth who do not meet guidelines for dietary behavior, physical activity and sedentary behavior have greater insulin resistance than those who do meet guideline  [12] . For this reasons, World Health Organization considers the epidemic a worldwide problem which requires public health intervention  [13]  that act on different factors associated with overweight and obesity as well as technological changes that have lowered the cost of living of the people so that people can avail sufficient food with required protein. The aim of this paper was to identify the socioeconomic factors responsible for obesity and overweight among some rural and urban people of Bangladesh. The important factors for obesity and overweight were identified by factor analysis, where largest factor weight indicated the most important variables  [14, 15]  responsible for obesity. However, among this latter group of respondents also there were 91 diabetic patients. Thus, finally, the analysis was performed using the data of 635 diabetic patients and 265 non-diabetic people. However, from the filled-in questionnaires 356 were found in completed form and the information of these 356 respondents were included in the analysis. Some of the variables observed were qualitative in character and some were quantitative. All variables were transformed to nominal form by assigning numbers to do the factor analysis. The variables included for factor analysis were residence of the respondents, their age, gender, marital status, religion, level of education, occupation, type of work, monthly income and smoking habit. In performing factor analysis the inclusion of variables was decided by calculating square of the multiple correlation coefficient  [19] . Besides the factor analysis, the association of different socioeconomic variables with level of obesity were investigated. Significant association was decided by chi-square test with p-value< 0.05 and odd ratio was calculated for respondents who were overweight and obese compared to normal group. It was observed from the analysis that among 900 respondents 7.6 percent were underweight [  Table 1 ] and 19.1 percent of them were from rural area. Obesity was observed among 15.3 percent people and overweight respondents were 34.0 percent. The differences in proportions of level of obesity according to residential area were not significant [P (χ2 ≥ 5.128) = 0.528] which indicated that respondents for different levels of obesity were similar for both urban and rural areas. However, urban people were more exposed to overweight and obesity by thirty two percent compared to rural people [O. R.= 1.32]. They were in more risk of overweight and obesity by 51 percent compared to males [O. R.= 1.51] Obesity and severe obesity were observed almost similar among Muslims and Non-Muslims [  Table 3 ]. But the O. R.= 1.07 indicated that both the religious groups were similarly exposed to overweight and obesity. Among the investigated respondents 92.6 percent were currently married and 43.1 percent of them were normal  [Table  4 ]. Maximum (25.5%) respondents of obesity was noted among housewives. But, all other professional groups of respondents had the similar risk of obesity compared to servicemen [O. R. = 1.04]. More overweight people was observed among them who had income 30,000.00 -< 40,000.00 taka followed by the group of people who had income 50,000.00+. The value of O. R= 0.40 for higher income group of people compared to other income level did not indicate that rich people had more chance to become obese and overweight. So far we had discussed the results of association of levels of obesity and some socioeconomic characteristics. But overweight and obese respondents were 62 percent more exposed to diabetes compared to other groups of respondents [O. R.=1.62] In one study  [20] , it was reported that smoking was one of the factor to increase the level of obesity. Among the smokers 47.2 percent were normal and 37.2 percent were overweight. The association between smoking habit and level of obesity was significant [P(χ2 ≥ 20.189) = 0.0.002] and smokers were 21 percent more exposed to overweight and obesity compared to non-smokers [O. R. = 1.21]. Thus, we were in search of identification of most important variables to explain the variation in the levels of obesity in the present data  [14] . The analysis helps to identify the important variables to explain the variation in the data set  [15, 21] . The variables which were included in the analysis were sufficient to explain the variation as KMO = 0.633, χ2 = 256.371, p-value = 0.000. The inclusion of the variables in the analysis was justified as communality of no variable was less than 0.4  [22] . The significant multiple regression analysis using one of the included variable as dependent variable and others as explanatory variables also justified the inclusion of the variables for factor analysis. From the analytical results it was seen that all the p-values were less than 0.05 which indicated that the inclusion of variables for factor analysis were justified. From the results of the communality it could be concluded that the variable marital status was more important followed by gender and education. From the results of the communality of the variables it could be concluded that 85.6 percent variation of the variable marital status would be explained by the extracted factors  [22] . Similar percentages of variation for the variables gender and religion were 74.2 and 70.0, respectively. The factor analysis extracted 5 components as these components explained 73.309 percent variation in the observations of obesity. From the factor analysis it was noted that the coefficients of the variables gender was highest followed by occupation, education and type of work. This component explained 25.733 percent variation in the data of obesity. The second component explained 16.161 percent variation of the data. This information were noted from the characteristic roots of the correlation matrix of the variables, where the roots were 2.573, 1.616, 1.086, 1.053, and 1.003. The second component showed that the most important variables to explain the variation in the data of obesity were residence followed by religion and income. The third component showed that the variable income was important for explaining the variability in the obesity. The respondents were investigated mostly by the doctors and nurses from their working places. Higher (71.6%) prevalence rate of diabetes was noted among the overweight and obese group of respondents. The prevalence of overweight and obesity were significantly associated with age, religion, education, occupation, marital status, income and smoking habit. Factor analysis also indicated that some of the socioeconomic variables were responsible for increased rates of overweight and obesity. The factor analysis showed that sex, occupation, education and type of work were more important to explain the variation in the level of obesity. These are: a) Halt the rise in body weight by encouraging people so that they can take healthy home made food and avoid restaurant food / first food.
paper_212	Epidemiological disease models have been used to explain the dynamics of HIV/AIDS in the population from the early 1900s. The models developed however faced considerable challenges ranging from inaccurate representation of natural data for deterministic models, to methods of forecasting such as statistical extrapolation which assumes that current conditions will prevail which is not always the case. On June 5, 1981 a mysterious disease was recognized among MSM in the USA. In 1982 the CDC identified the same disease among IVDU, hemophiliacs and Haitian residents. In the same year, it was identified that it attacks the immune system of the host, incapacitating them to heal subsequently leading to death. These researchers from France, Francoise Barre-Sinoussi and Jean-Claude Chermann together with Luc Montagnier, speculate that this virus could be what latter develops to AIDS. In 1984, Robert Gallo discovered that HIV was responsible for AIDS. This virus, being highly transmittable is analyzed and capturing how it is transmitted is crucial in attempting to model the disease. HIV is transferred from one individual in three modes: through blood, sexual intercourse and mother-tochild. However, this is not always the case as there exist individual differences in the ability to transmit and acquire HIV that remain unexplained  [2] . In 1984, several HIV and AIDS cases were documented in Kenya. The following year, 26 new cases of HIV were recorded from sex workers and the NAC was established. Sex workers have the highest percentage of HIV prevalence at 29.3% according to the Kenya HIV estimates report-National Aids Control Council. There are various questions still left unanswered to date on the HIV epidemic. These questions are encompassed in the modeling of the HIV immunology, the HIV dynamics as well as the AIDS dynamics such as the dynamic distribution of the disease in the population and its likely magnitude. This study employs mathematical modeling tools in the transmission probability of HIV and analyses done on how the cumulative number of infected individuals responds as well as the AIDS death probability and how the cumulative cases of removed individuals responds to this probability. The following reviews consider models developed for HIV/AIDS data that either differed too greatly with other model estimates or still fail even with developments on the model. The transmission parameter was held constant for all stages of HIV. This model approximated that there would be 6000000 cases of HIV and 400000 cases of AIDS in China if there were no forms of interventions implemented. In 2007 the government of China alongside UNAIDS made an estimate of 700000 cases of HIV and 85000 cases of AIDS in China at the time, which is much lower that the estimates made by Liu  [4] . The group comprising of the largest individuals predicted to be living with HIV/AIDS was approximately 650000. In several concentrated epidemics, HIV prevalence estimates do not match reported cases and mortality estimates do not match reported deaths, even after adjusting. Furthermore, it provides inaccurate estimates where an epidemic has not gone beyond its peak  [6] . Even with the 2013 updates of Spectrum where adjustments were made in the parameter values empirically to improve the fit to program data, the estimates given by Spectrum still differed with data available. They considered and analyzed a two stage SI model that allowed for random variation in the demographic structure of the population with the population size changing at different times which had an exponentially distributed rate of infection. The Gillespie's algorithm based SIR model concept considered the Gillespie algorithm, Euler alongside other CME based exact methods which showed that Gillespie's algorithm had the least execution time  [9] . According to Koopman, deterministic differential equation models cannot capture the real-life representation because no matter how finely they divide populations into geographic and social space, the infectious population is spread out to cover the entire space. The inability of differential equation models to capture stochastic effects therefore has been demonstrated by studies done by Koopman  [11] . Infection-transmission deterministic models are based on the characteristics of population growth, disease occurrence, and spread within a population. This study seeks to incorporate a stochastic aspect in the deterministic SIR epidemiological model. This paper will contribute and build on to the existing literature on modeling disease dynamics in the population with the model tested on HIV/AIDS data 1985-2018 to investigate if the simulated values would reflect results that are close to reality. This paper will help bridge the gap between conceptual epidemiological models and its simulated version by providing a developed version of an SIR model that solves one inherent problem that deterministic models do not reflect the natural data. The Classic SIR model The Kermack-McKendrick theory illustrates individuals grouped as susceptible and removeds only  [13] . The initial conditions changed over time and demographics not being included such that change over time was described as; (1) formula_0 The Kermack-McKendrick theory was later developed to a version where they tackled the problem of endemics  [14] ,  [15] . They set the transmission and infection rates as invariant for all ages and this allowed the inclusion of an infectives class. This transformed the theory to the basic SIR model such that when demographics were included becomes (4) (5)  (6)  where N denotes the total host population. denotes the birth rate and death rate denotes the infection rate denotes the recovery rate t denotes time point Model development The Gillespie algorithm was used to simulate a statistically correct trajectory given initial SIR conditions. denotes the rate of birth denotes the rate of non-AIDS death denotes the rate of infection denotes AIDS death rate denotes model's time step Gillespie's procedure The Gillespie simulation procedure was developed to produce a statistically correct course for finite well-mixed populations  [16, 17] . The interaction between states is made possible by events outlined in this model as birth, infection, non-AIDS death an AIDS death. , , This Gillespie's algorithm based stochastic SIR model generates a statistically correct trajectory from the initial vector as , , where i=s, i, r S+I+R=N i denotes the population size of the state at time t denotes a function characterized by two quantities as a state change vector and a propensity function. Continuous-time Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. The Markov property lets us specify a model by giving the transition probabilities-defined as rates-on a small interval between the compartments. A Markov chain is interpreted here then, as a stochastic discrete-valued model with the Markov property that future states of a process depend on the current state. Continuoustime Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. The Markov property lets us specify a model by giving the transition probabilities-defined as rates-on a small interval between the compartments. The wait times between one event and the next can assume an exponential distribution ∆ ~+ ,-   In order to assess how the simulated data performs against natural data, a modified chi-square test was used.
paper_214	The paper presents the usage of databases that store business data into a warehouse star model that permits to create queries using SQL language and business intelligence tools. This kind of model allow to the decision maker to create complex reports and graphs based on the columns from the dimension tables and measures from fact tables, that can be the base for creating alternatives and scenarious acording to the economical indicators. Building alternatives and scenarious is an elaborate task and must have a background in existing data structured in databases that have a special structure of dimensions and fact tables. This data warehouse star model allow complex analyses such as rollup, drill down, slice and dice through the dimensions and fact tables by using special tools such as online analythical processes and complex queries based on views and snapshots. The business environments require analyses on large amount of data, big data and necessitate advanced tools to query through numerous criterias and also to create different realistic scenarious that allow choosing one option, so the business manager can use the right tool to gain economic advantage. Such testing may be actions that can be made explicit in the framework model; enable better decision-making structure problem, allowing exploration of information flows and operational procedures without interfering with the actual operation of the system; using cybernetic control system, which underlies decision making in practice; There are a large number of parcel simulation program. Limits of simulation include: support of simulation model is simplified, built pursuing one goal, one key criterion. always taking into account the unique factors of a problem specific results can not be transferred to other issues; results are difficult to interpret, being dependent on random factors; no matter how powerful your computer is, the optimal solution is difficult to obtain a model that has many equations and a significant number of parameters. Quantitative mathematical models are embedded in base models, managed by subsystem a management model that requires separate users from the physical aspects of data processing and storage that extract, create, delete and modify models. Interaction replaces classical execution, procedural, with a performance conducted by decider according to the stages of solving a problem decisions that necessitate different inputs. The activity of the coordinations of inputs is done in most cases with specialized software systems that create analytical databases or modeling languages. In the first case, the user is provided customized views of data stored by performing a diverse set of operations on transactional data. The next logical of optimization and forecasting, simulation assists with the running complex patterns, resulting variables whose analysis highlights the value adopated lead to a decision. Besides maintaining traditional information representation formats like charts, maps and diagrams used currently to represent multidimensional data there are used new types of dynamic graphs. After analyzing the results achieved and the objectives of their reporting, signaled differences and after identify problems it was reveal the need to take action. Solving the result of communication between all stakeholders, sharing the general manager responsibilities both at decisionmaking levels and the corresponding subproblems defined. For example, after the first phase, the scope may relate to excessive spending decisions of a functional department, inventories too high or adoption of a draft research and evaluation on the introduction of computers  [3, 4] . From model design and solution choice there is a strict demarcation, certain activities may be conducted during both phases, and return of election phase in phase. It receives relevant and substantiated elements on activity in the real system and builds models for solving future decision making on the basis of current assessments.Of the foregoing that a decision support system provides a filtering of information provided to decision makers and indicates certain restrictions. Basically, it helps the decision maker during operation and defining the problem, generating satisfactory solutions and retention strategy. For an interactive decision support system architecture includes the following subsystems: Data management subsystem Subsystem management models User subsystem dialog Data management subsystem consists of the following elements: database management system oxidase data, data dictionary and declarative query language. The database contains no internal data, external data and personal data.Internal data consist from the current activities of the organization and operations of various functional departments image. Whatever the nature of their data is stored in relational databases, transactional system data or data warehouse, built on subjects of interest. In current systems, the company's intranet, are increasingly present data accessible through web browsers and multimedia items such as maps, images, sounds. In most cases there is SGBS transactional relational data system and a management database for multidimensional data warehouses created. The data dictionaries are permitted operations to add new data, deletion or retrieval of existing information according to certain criteria. The subsystem management model consists of the following components: base models, the management models, dictionary and processor execution models and integration patterns Base models contain the set of models that make it possible to analyze the facts and the choice of options in terms required by the user. Database management system allows creating new models models using programming languages, update and modify existing models, establish interdependencies between models. Manage in a logical manner a variety of models to consistency of the data model and provides integration of application systems components maker. Design is the stage where the data warehouse model is chosen, depending on the complexity of the system real user requirements and data structure existing in the company (databases, Excel spreadsheets...) Building a data warehouse there are three models: type star, snowflake patterns type and constellation type models. The models may change depending on the context, presenting the data in a structure bed, easily designed and accessible to end users. In such a model is highlighted: quantitative data centralized called measures of activity quantitative criteria for centralized aggregation  ,  referred sizes  relational table that stores the measures identified by   the facts dimensions is called table  Tables where aggregation criteria has explicit codes,  called type tables list. Using data from lists, star type structure enables higher levels of aggregation on the initial size  [4, 6] . Data warehouse star The eastern type constellation when several schemes that use the same type star catalogs. The advantages of using databases for Decision Support Systems in businesses involves creating numerous queries by the decision maker and also allow to create many scenarious and variants to choose from. In the business area is crucial to store data into a warehouse such as a star modell and create many queries and reports so the decision maker can see the trends of the economical indicators and helps him to make a decision that can improve those numbers or it can be useful to implement a strategy for a further development  [1, 3] . The databases permits flexibility in creating queries by choosing columns from dimension tables and measures from the fact table and so the decision maker may choose what economical indicators is useful to analyse and also permits to create different types of graphs such as columns, pies, scatter points or webs. By simply analysing these reports and graphs helps the decision maker to create different scenarious by changing target indicators and corelate with the economical indicators that can't be changed  [2, 5] . The methods specific to the databases such as SQL language and the Business Intelligence tools allow businesses to explore data and to create alternatives that helps to choose the optimal variant according to the economical restrictions that came from the business environment. It is very important to store data into a warehouse model and then to create future strategies that can help a company to expand or to grow the profit in a realistic way based on complex analyses and alternatives.
paper_216	However, it exhibits some systematic biases or unrealistic assumptions like the log-normality of asset returns and constant volatility. This model is found as promising alternative as far as pricing of European options is concerned, due to its varied volatility of the underlying security and estimation of the risk neutral MGF. This study made an attempt to improve the accuracy of option price estimation using Wavelet method and it improves the accuracy due to its ability to estimate the risk neutral MGF. Derivatives are instruments whose value depend on an underlying asset. An option is a type of derivative that gives the option holder the right but not obligation to buy or sell an underlying security at a specified price, at any time on or before a given date in the future as agreed on. The holder of a put option has the right but not the obligation to sell underlying security under some predefined terms of an agreement which includes; strike or exercise price, maturity date and option volume. This study therefore prices a European option using two nonparametric methods and a parametric method. The Black-Scholes option pricing formula which has been used as the benchmark to price European options in most of the previous researches due to its simplicity and low computational demand  [2] . This Black-Scholes formula remains the most widely used model in pricing options though it has some known biases which include volatility smiles and skewness. The Black Scholes model has been developed under some assumptions such as the risk-free rate and volatility of the returns are known and constant, the returns of the underlying security are normally distributed, markets are efficient (market movements cannot be predicted). In the real market, the asset returns follow a leptokurtic distribution which is in contrast to the Black-Scholes model where returns are assumed to be log-normally distributed. This model derives the closed form solution for pricing of a European options that is why it is used as a benchmark. According to the literature, this model is the latest theoretical contribution to the option pricing and it is better at capturing the volatility smiles which is as a result of the Black-Scholes' assumption on volatility constant. This research therefore compared the performance of Wavelet based pricing model and Black-Scholes model in the valuation of a European option. This model has been discussed extensively in order to improve its pricing biases and to impose more practical assumptions. The derivation of the pricing formula is independent on the parametric form of the underlying security's price dynamics and hence the success of this model depends on the accurate capture of dynamics of the underlying security's price process. According to the researches as far as pricing derivative securities is concerned, Wavelet based option pricing model is the latest option pricing model in the literature  [6] . The approximation of the implied risk-neutral MGF of the underlying security (asset) returns was focused by developing a non -parametric option pricing model called Wavelet model  [4] . The following are some examples of these advantages; when there is presence of jumps in the underlying process MGF is more tractable, the option's obtained MGF is a continuous function, statistical moments of the asset distributions can be obtained using MGF and the risk neutral MGF can be used to estimate the out of sample options that has maturity dates which are different. The following are some of the applications of wavelet method in finance and economics as pointed out in  [6]  and  [7] ; Wavelets can be used in multi-scaling analysis. Algorithm has a superior performance in de-noising financial data with high frequency by using the first principal component to de-noise frequency variations of a business cycle with wavelets  [12] . Lastly, wavelets can be used to estimate parameters of the models which are unknown using wavelets in pricing of an American derivative security by levy process  [13] . Where;  formula_0 From the Black-Scholes formula above, we see that the strike price (K), risk free interest rate (r), time to maturity (T), the volatility (") and the current price of the stock (S0) are required. Based on some general assumptions like independent and identically distribution (iid) for asset returns and that the moment generating function is defined well, the wavelet based pricing model can be expressed as follows; formula_1 Where, t is the current time, is the underlying asset price at time t, # $ is the time t price for a European call option written on asset, K is the strike price and T is the future maturity date. The underlying asset dynamics and investor expectation in option prices is captured by the MGF Θ !$ + of the logarithmic returns /0 7 . In order to approximate the implied MGF using the wavelet method, one has to choose a particular wavelet from a large family of wavelets. To estimate the risk neutral MGF of the return per unit time, we use the Franklin hat function f (t) expressed as;  In this study, for us to compare the pricing performance of the three models, we used the commonly used statistical criteria. The focus on this study was on pricing of a European Call option using two models, one parametric model (BS Model) and one non-parametric models (Wavelet Pricing Model). In order to estimate the risk neutral Moment Generating Function of the underlying security from option prices, we applied the methodology of wavelet. Therefore, one of the most significant input of this study is that the wavelet -based pricing model is an alternative model for pricing options and other derivatives on the same underlying asset with varying times to maturity and different strike values. We recommend more further investigation on the nonparametric models since most of the studies have focused on the parametric model especially Black-Scholes model. In this study, we also focused on pricing European call options and therefore we recommend an extension of the approach to pricing more complex options like American options which have no general closed form analytical solution.
paper_219	This paper introduces a framework to determine data quality on enterprise networks for net-centric and net-ready initiatives as introduced by the US Department of Defense (DoD). The DR attribute is introduced; it is important in enabling enterprise data consumers to sort, filter and prioritize data. The ability to generate data combined with the ability to store data is beginning to outpace the capacity of the bandwidth necessary to simultaneously share all data amongst all the operational stakeholders. A fundamental shift in paradigm is required to ensure the stressors of conducting military operations are supported through data (of both high-quality and high-relevance) and, not burdened by attempts to manage its excess. The US Department of Defense (DoD) introduced the terms net-centric and net-ready to describe the mechanisms by which operators can search and discover information within the bounds of data. This paper introduces such a method in support of achieving maximum data quality for military enterprise networks: a quantitative mechanism by which the value of different net-ready implementation options can be evaluated and graded. Thus the term data relevancy (DR) is introduced into the model for valuing data quality in the context of net-centric / net-ready. Vice Admiral Arthur K. Cebrowski, U.S. Navy, and John J. Garstka proposed that adoption of network-centric operations across the military enterprise would result in benefits at the strategic, operational, and structural levels and bring forth "a much faster and more effective warfighting style"  [2] . This new warfighting style is Net-Centric Warfare (NCW): an "information superiority-enabled concept of operations that generates increased combat power by networking sensors, decision makers, and shooters to achieve shared awareness, increased speed of command, higher tempo of operations, greater lethality, increased survivability, and a degree of self-synchronization"  [1] . The DoD introduced four criteria that must be satisfied for "Data Sharing in a Net-Centric Environment" via DoD Directive 8320.02 in 2004  [4]  which later in  [5]  expanded to the seven listed in this section. This directive and the subsequent series of 8320 series documents identify "the cornerstones of Net-Centric Data sharing"; data shall be visible, accessible, understandable, and trusted  [6] . In the years following, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction (CJSCI) 6212.01 was released that set-forth the procedures for development and certification of a Net-Ready (NR) Key Performance Parameter (KPP); the NR KPP process later being subsumed into the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System (JCIDS) process  [3]    [7] . The NR KPP specifies the attributes required of data sharing Information Technology (IT) introduced into the net-centric operational environment: (1) IT must be able to support military operations (SMO), IT must be able to be entered and managed on the network (EMN), and (3) IT must effectively exchange information (EI)  [3] . Alignment can be achieved via direct negotiation or-more practically-via the adoption of commonly referenced standards such as those listed indicated by the global information grid (GIG) Technical Guidance Federation  [6] . A consumer's trust in a data asset is dependent on multiple facets: assessment of the data asset authority, clear identification of the data asset source, tagging with appropriate security metadata, and maintaining a full pedigree of the data asset throughout the full process  [6] . non-generic); the required performance of the connections be identified by quantifiable and testable measures of performance (MOPs); and the connectivity must be managed by a structured methodology  [3] . The specific data elements and assets exchanged with external networks as part of executing net-centric operational tasks are specified by the exchange information attribute  [3] . Each net-centric information exchange defined MOPs that are measurable and each information exchange must also identify how the four criteria for net-centric data sharing (visible, accessible, understandable, and trusted) are satisfied for authorized consumers across the enterprise  [3] . Evaluation of the data sharing enterprise requires a holistic view that considers the net-centric attributes of the data simultaneously with the quality of service for the data network. The combined consideration for each of these areas yields a newly defined model for the data sharing enterprise comprised of three equally important attributes: data relevance, quality of data at source, and quality of service for the enterprise network. For a sample of size n consider v strata with sample s k in each stratum, i.e. ∑ i=1 to v n i = n and s = U k=1 to v s k . where n ≤ N and s = {1, 2,…, n}. The Horvitz Thompson estimator for stratified sampling for the total Y is formula_1 where each independent random sample i, is denoted by y i , the probability of inclusion in the sample is denoted by p i . The sample is organized into their various strata with the number of elements in each total number of strata k, in the total population N. The HT estimator for stratification becomes formula_2 and estimate of the stratified mean is formula_3 where m k = ∑ i in s k y i /n is the arithmetic mean of strata k. With each attribute having its MOS value using the stratified estimate in (3). Video and audio have models for QoE but other data types still require development of objective measure models to predict their QoE subjective ratings. Highly relevant data must be visible to the consumer, understood by the consumer, and provide support to the consumers' military operations (as depicted in the mapping of  Fig. The measure of tagged data relevance corresponds to how accurate the data producer was in expressing the intrinsic data relevance through the application of metadata that is understandable, relatable, and unambiguous to the data consumer. The metadata taxonomy needs to be sufficiently diverse to express the essential characteristics of the data product but not so overly detailed that the data tagging approaches the size and complexity of the data itself. The measure of discovered data relevance is an indication of how well the enterprise system enables a consumer to differentiate the data product offerings accessible via the network according to the level of relevance and value to the mission objectives. To support a high level of discovered relevance, The taxonomy available to the consumer must be sufficient to explicitly discriminate the desired data features from the undesired. A poorly performing taxonomy would be one that prompts extraneous definition of detail or that includes terminology with such subtle variation as to lack the mutual exclusivity necessary to select between one term or the other. Just as the performance of tagged relevance is improved by an understanding of the consumer by the producer, discovered relevance benefits from awareness that the consumer has of the full range of data offerings of the enterprise and how they may be described. Without a strong mutual awareness, a consumer may prematurely end their discovery process with the first piece of seemingly relevant data believing that it is the best or perhaps the only product available to them. This is why an overall QoE value for data relevance is important as it indicates the relative success of the discovery process across multiple groups of users at finding data with intrinsic relevancy suitable to meet their needs. For example, if the quality rating is fair for data relevancy then funds to provide an excess bandwidth to have an excellent QoS can be spent elsewhere as the overall data quality at best is going to be fair. Thus, aside from determining the value of enterprise data quality for purposes of data prioritization, we also have an analytical tool to identify areas of improvement and to allocate resources more effectively across the overall system. Formal minimax definition  [24]  is formula_4 where a(i) denotes the actions of the i-th player of n players, a(-i) is actions of all other players except the i-th, and v i is the value function of player i. Player one has three action options U, D, N to choose from. Thus, the minimax strategy is Player one move of N and Player two move of R with a payoff vector (4, 3). f d (s) = u HT . The x-axis of the chart in  Fig. 3 , as formula_6 In  Fig. 3 , a particular value of enterprise data quality is given at the start, but from start one could continue to improve QoS and QDS under Option A with no increase in the value of enterprise data quality, whereas Option B modifying the system delivering DR does increase the overall enterprise data quality.
paper_241	Transformers are the key equipment in electrical power transmission. So the use of transformers protection in electric power systems is very crucial and critical as they are required for efficient transportation of electricity to consumers for long term. This paper is concerned with the differential current protection scheme of transformer using a differential relay technique with arduino Uno microcontroller as a differential relay responsible for comparing the differential current values and sends trip signal to the relay (acting as circuit breaker) to open the circuit when there is fault in the protected zone as a result of imbalance in the differential current values. The system is efficient in transformer protection, gives better isolation, has accurate fault detection and quick response time to clearing faults The demand of electricity in our modern day as led to advancement in electrical power systems, which is reflected in the development of all the power system device generators, different sizes of transformers, transmission lines and the protection equipment. C transmission, power transformer is one of the most important equipment. Due to advancement in technology and daily use of electrical devices by industries, organizations and individuals, there is an increase in electricity demand which most likely results systems overload, reducing its efficiency and can cause damage to the transformer  [1] . Typically, Power systems are built to allow continuous generation, transmission and consumption of energy. The system is capable of sustaining a variety of environmental and operating impacts that resemble normal operating conditions which may include lightning striking the transmission lines, excessive loading, deterioration or breakdown of the equipment insulation resulting to power systems experiencing occasional faults such as phase to phase or phase to ground faults, over current, over voltage or even temperature based faults. The Differential current protection scheme is based on the principle that the input power to the transformer under normal condition is equal to the output power and is concerned with having a differential or balanced current between the primary and secondary side which would be digitally displayed  [2] . When there is an occurrence of internal fault an imbalanced or non-zero differential current will flow through the operating coil of the differential relay which would be substituted with a microcontroller that sends a trip signal to the relays needed to open the circuit. The current transformers are each connected to the primary and secondary side of the step-up transformer and are used to reduce the currents to a measureable value that can be sensed by the current sensors. As a differential current comparator it is used to compare the current values from the outputs of both Current sensors at the primary and secondary sides of the power respectively, computes their resultant difference, which would process an instruction to send a trip signal to the relay depending on its programming and the time required to clear a fault. Acting as a control unit, used for monitoring and controlling the working activities of the protection zone and display values of voltage and currents sensed by the voltage sensor and current transformers respectively. The differential protection of a transformer is implemented using Arduino Uno microcontroller as a decision making device that sends a trip signal to the relay (acting as circuit breaker) whenever there is faults (internal or external faults). The microcontroller based relay is a technological advancement or development as compared to the use of conventional relays which improves the efficiency and reliability of the system which could be beneficial to both the society and its economic growth.
paper_251	The cloud concept eliminates the need to install and run middleware and applications on users own computer by providing Infrastructure, Platform and Services to users, thus easing the tasks of software and hardware maintenance and support. Heterogeneity in the computational requirement, dynamic choice and infrequent usages types of resources of the users in modern era has main challenge for service provider (application developer and hardware manufacturer). Secondly most of the resources are idle i.e. More comprehensive concept about cloud computing has been narrated and drafted by National Institute of Standard & Technology (NIST): According to NIST-"Cloud computing is a paradigm for facilitating expedient, on-demand network access to a shared cluster (pool/collection) of configurable computing power and resources (like applications, services, networks, servers, and storage,) that can be expeditiously provisioned and exemption with least management endeavor or without service provider interaction. Cloud computing is another example of technological advancement which offers dynamic provisioning of the utility on rent basis to the subscriber. To achieve this task cloud service provider required highly efficient scheduling approach and the proper monitoring of the services provisioned or will be provision to subscriber. In the cloud computing. They are able to communicate i.e. social in nature, mobile i.e. Hence agent based solution has been proposed to meet the requirement of the modern cloud computing with pace of dynamic provision to insure shrink in shrink out (elasticity) of the cloud service provider to achieve highest scalability and reliability in extent of the maximum availability of the service to the requisites. Outcome the results shows that the provisioning of SaaS (Software as a service) and its monitoring using agent has gives better result which is more efficient than existing approach. For developing proposed agent based system three types of public cloud and their services has been selected as test bed for better evaluation and measurement of the accuracy of the propose system. Codenvy -To develop an / are application i.e. Fault tolerance While author  [1]  and  [2]  proposed an agent based solution to solve the above listed QoS parameter that greatly affect the performance of cloud service especially SaaS. To Evaluate and delivered the cloud computing services (SaaS) using agent (for better and fast delivery) using public cloud such as "New Relic and cloud bees". Model for Proposed Work Our proposed work is to schedule and monitor cloud SaaS application onto the cloud and evaluate the performance of the same using proposed agent based. Resources: Algorithm for Scheduling (influenced from Aneka) developed onto the Cloudbees Proposed Algorithm Step1: Register user login Step2: Sign in the user login Step3: Select multi monitoring agent in cloud environment (for each subc_request with QoS constraints) Step 4: Mapping of resources between cloud client, cloud agent and cloud service providers. Proposed multi agent based solution has influenced from [2] but it's not the realization of cloud federation rather it has to evaluate the scheduling and monitoring of the SaaS (task) application in public cloud's (cloud federation not interoperability). Table 3  shows the user satisfaction of the deployed SaaS obtained results and has been compared with existing malty agent based method  Rather than performing analytical calculation, proposed system has been compared with the author's MABOCCF and NMABOCCF method. Proposed agent based solution for guaranteed better elasticity and their efficient monitoring of the resources in the cloud which helps to gather analytical statistics of the resources currently held and will be used such a memory, number of instances and CPU. For evaluation of the propose agent based method data set (jsp) has been developed using jsp web pages and deployed onto the cloud evaluating the elasticity and its monitoring. To deploying created SaaS application in the cloud a PaaS service has been required to be subscribed, for this cloudbees PaaS service has been chosen. Following few areas has been chosen as future work as derivative of the proposed multi agent based solution where the current work can be taken further.
paper_272	This paper addresses the description of all parameters and evaluates switching processing times for three circuit breakers, VD4 /ABB Vacuum type 6.6KV/1500A/20KV/40KV-IEC60-071 " for maximum switching times 2.7ms". In addition the inside electroplates some characteristics can be described as followings: Non-sustained disruptive discharge voltages In general, the above characteristics are not involving associated with only vacuum switchgear itself a lone, but when connects the switchgear with power distribution transforms or synchronous motors, there are also many negative interactive processes for instance hysteresis currents, eddy currents and high voltage capacitive inside each transformer (Parasites electrostatics charged) feedback to the interrupter process. It is important to appreciate that while current chopping and voltage escalation can occur in a single -phase circuit, virtual current chopping is specifically a 3-phase characteristic: the effects of normal current chopping, multiple re ignition and over voltage escalation in one phase can generate surge over voltages in the second and third phases. Multiple repeated ignitions mean an over voltage magnitude is a straightforward concept: as the amplitude of any overvoltage increases, the probability of breakdown in vacuum or breakdown of solid insulation increases. The process of current chopping is the premature suppression of 50Hz or 60Hz circuit current before normal current zero due to instability of the arcs in a vacuum interrupter  [6] [7] . When current chop occurs, the energy stored in the effective load inductance is transferred to the available loadside capacitance to produce the so called chop overvoltage, given by Ic√   According to the equation  1    EMTP which is called electromagnetic transient program or others such as SIMULINK/MATLAB are excellent numerical tools that allow for depth studies of switching transients in industrial as well as utility power systems. Since the high frequency characteristics of the power system equipment are depend on stray capacitances that mentioned above and inductances also and they in turn depend on physical dimensions, equipment layout, materials, cable lengths, all these can be represented as follows  [17] ; The figure represents TRV & Re-ignitions computed in the system when switching off power transformer load that the transient voltage approximately (350µs-450 µs) and shows very high frequency sub transients both going in the negative direction of the voltage -Left side. Normally our analysis for the switching process basically on parallel RLC circuit as following; L= Indicative load of stator winding coils C= parallel parasite `s capacitors -see the introduction R= evaluating resistance that can be damping oscillating. This has been done in Figure. By calculating the inductor current in parallel RLC circuit under conditions of a subsidence transient, but have a far wider application. The electrostatic charges -static charged -parasitism are almost depleted in the a mount current begin to decrease in the same time of first peak value which generates chopping currents, moreover the formula of the transition processing rate of du/dt or di/dt have to be considered.
paper_294	Moreover fresh cassava has a very short postharvest storage lifespan and as such, the Tiv people developed different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after harvest, as well as organizing their local markets where the cassava products would be sold. The study sampled 377 out of the population of 20,000. The snowball sampling technique was used in selecting the subjects for the study. Mean and standard deviation statistics was used in answering the research questions. However, the public library failed to acquire and store audiovisual materials on these management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava; information that would have been used for improving and reducing postharvest losses of cassava by farmers. It was therefore, recommended that concerned policy makers should make policies that will allow public libraries to acquire store and preserve audiovisual materials on various indigenous knowledge for development to ensue; and for posterity; and that governments and other stakeholders should ensure that the public library sector is adequately funded and manpower is adequately provided as well. Public libraries are supposed to be conscious of ensuring that these postharvest losses management strategies are captured, acquired stored in audiovisual format. Moreover fresh cassava has a very short postharvest storage lifespan and as such, the Tiv people developed different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after harvest, as well as organizing their local markets where the cassava products would be sold. Despite these postharvest losses management strategies, the different varieties of food stuffs processed from cassava are threatened to extinction due to the flooding of expensive western food stuffs in the markets; and the indigenous local markets where the products could be sold are not accessible due to lack of good access roads. In addition, these indigenous postharvest losses management strategies seem to be facing total extinction due to lack of documentation and storage of audiovisual materials on them. Specifically, the study sought to: 1. Determined whether public library has impacted on Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava. Apparently, in order to achieve this mission, public libraries preserve a variety of information materials including print materials such as books, monographs, serials and periodicals; and non-print materials such as audio or audiovisual materials such as cassettes, microfiche and films among others. This is their most crucial function of all. It involves among other things collecting information bearing materials from different sources, organizations and sometime even initiating and encouraging programs that would enable them capture traditional, socio-cultural and economic activities as well as appropriate information formats for posterity  (Agber & Mngutyô, 2013) . The variety of foods that are made from the roots and the nutritious leaves are reasons why cassava cultivation is expanding worldwide  (Lebot, 2009) . Consumer-driven trends which have contributed to this shift include rising incomes in urban areas, changing dietary habits, more women in the work-place, reduced time for meal preparation and growing demand for safety, quality and convenience  (Rolle, 2006) . The public library owes the people a duty to go into the hinterlands of the Tiv nation in Benue State to collect audiovisual materials on these postharvest losses management strategies. This would have been achieved by capturing of audio narrations of elderly cassava farmers by recording, as well as organizing custodians of the knowledge to shot informative video clips and snap shot for video slides aimed at educating the younger generation and storing the materials for posterity. The study adopted a survey design, which is the type of design that enables the researcher to collect data from a group of people through questionnaire, interview or observation techniques for the purpose of analysis and subsequent interpretation. The sample size of 680 out of the population of 20,000 was drawn using the sample size table, (Emaikwu, 2015). They used the Fish Bowl Technique by writing Yes and No for the respondents to choose and those who chose Yes were finally given questionnaire to respond to it. The researchers did this until they arrive at the sample size of 680. The instrument used for data collection was Questionnaire constructed by the researchers. Section A of the questionnaire contained respondents' bio-data, which included sex and occupation. Section C also consisted of 7 variables of ways public library has impacted on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava and Section D consisted of 5 variables of challenges faced by public libraries in acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava in Benue state. Apparently, copies of the questionnaire were administered to the respondents in the study area with the aid of three research assistants, who administered and retrieved the questionnaire from the respondents. Data were analyzed using mean and standard deviations. Data was collected using 4 point rating scale instrument. Importantly, on each research question, data were collected on related items in the instrument. The collected data were analyzed using mean and standard deviation. Apparently, any item of the instrument whose mean rating scores was 2.50 and above was considered significant and any item with the mean rating scores below 2.50 was not considered significant. The collected data were analyzed and presented in  Table 1 . From  Table 1 , it can be seen that the mean rating scores of all the items are above 2.50. This means that peeling the cassava, slicing it and sun drying known as Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), peeling the cassava, slicing, sun drying it and grinding into flour known as Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it and frying known as Gari Akom, slicing the cassava, sun drying and burning it into ashes known as Mtuhem (Base), peeling the cassava, fermenting, sieving and squeezing it into lumps known as Akpu, peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it, mixing with salt and other ingredients and frying with palm or groundnuts oil known as Kweesi or Akweesa Akom and peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing and sieving the starch and preparing it for food as Kamu Akom are the management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. In order to answer the research question, data were collected relating to the research question, analyzed and presented in  Table 2 . Table 2  shows the mean rating scores of all the items are below 2.50, which implies that the public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava through acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom (peeled, grated, squeezed and fried cassava), Mtuhem ma Akom (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom (Cassava Cake) and Kamu Akom (edible cassava starch). The collected data were analyzed and presented in  Table 3 . Table 3 , it can be seen that the mean rating scores of all the items are above 2.50. This implies that lack of adequate funding to facilitate acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on various aspects of indigenous knowledge, inadequate technical knowledge and skills of staffs, lack of adequate staffs, lack of Policy Statement on the acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv indigenous knowledge such as management of postharvest losses of cassava, and lack of initiative on the part of library management to make attempts to acquire and store audiovisual materials on various forms of indigenous knowledge are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. Based on the results in  Table 1 , the findings from the study revealed that processing cassava into Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom, Mtuhem (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom and Kamu Akom are the Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. Table 2 , findings of the study revealed that the public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava through acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom (peeled, grated, squeezed and fried cassava), Mtuhem ma Akom (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom (Cassava Cake) and Kamu Akom (edible cassava starch). Findings from the study based on the result in  Table 3  showed that lack of adequate funding to facilitate acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on various aspects of indigenous knowledge, inadequate technical knowledge and skills of staffs, lack of adequate staffs, lack of Policy Statement on the acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv indigenous knowledge such as management of postharvest losses of cassava, and lack of initiative on the part of library management to make attempts to acquire and store audiovisual materials on various forms of indigenous knowledge are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. However, the public library failed to acquire and store audiovisual materials on these management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava; information that would have been used for improving and reducing postharvest losses of cassava by farmers. Therefore, it was recommended that concerned policy makers should make policies that will allow public libraries to acquire store and preserve audiovisual materials on various indigenous knowledge for development to ensue; and for posterity. The study found out that public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava through storage of audiovisual materials on the subject matter. Importantly, if public library has acquired and stored audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava, cassava farmers would have accessed these information materials to improve on various ways of managing postharvest losses of cassava in Benue State of Nigeria. The study concludes that public library must make it a point of duty to start acquiring, storing and preserving information materials on indigenous knowledge, particularly in audiovisual format, since this is the only way the library will be useful to the host communities.
paper_298	Survey research design was used, registered users of the University Library between 2016-2019 numbering 920 formed the population of the study where a sample of 272 (30% sample) was used based on 95% confidence level and 5% confidence interval of Sample Size Calculator. In effect, the respondents use card catalogue regularly compared to the OPAC. Majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. Poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. The study recommended that the library management should organize a periodic user education, orientation and sensitization programmes for the undergraduate users to create awareness and enable them gain the needed skills to use the library catalogue maximally when searching for information resources. Guidelines on how to use catalogue and library in general should be prepared and issued to registered users. The university library goals and objectives are to provide adequate and relevant information resources both in print and online for university community to support teaching, learning and research (these for undergraduates students may refer to class work, assignments, research/project work, term papers, seminar presentation by providing relevant information and services provision for effective and efficient achievement of academic pursuit). University library provides well stocked information resources and trained personnel to organize available information materials and assist faculty members and student users in the retrieval and use of these resources. Libraries were traditionally known to provide access to library information materials through card catalogues and book catalogue as the primary information locating tools. KumarandVohra investigated the use of Online Public Access Catalogue by the users at Guru Nanak Dev University Library, Amritsar (Punjab) and discovered that majority of the respondents 68.7% were not aware regarding OPAC, 12.5% stated the reason to be lack of assistance from library staff and slow speed. The purpose of using OPAC majority of the respondents 63.2% stated that they use OPAC to know the availability of required document. Kumar revealed that 26.99% respondents use the OPAC fortnightly and 22.84% weekly. Consequently, AmkpaandIman emphasized that the success or failure of students to locate resources in the library depends on the skill acquired though the library instruction progamme  [8] . Aguolu andAguolu observed that students use catalogue mostly for educational purposes and have really helped in conducting and disseminating information resources in the library  [10] . However, it is observed sometimes that the bibliographic tools that supposed to lead or guides user to the location of a particular item in the library are either found in adequate, misleading, totally not provided or somehow incomplete. The stratification sampling technique was employed to sample the entire registered population of undergraduate library users from each level (100-500) in Federal University of Kashere respectively. However, out of 272 questionnaires that were distributed, the same 272 were returned and 262 were found useful because 10 respondents indicated not aware of the subject. This implies that the male ranked highest in utilizing the library catalogue more than the female. This finding is in agreement with Clifford & Zaccus whose study on "users attitude towards the use of library catalogue in two selected University Libraries in South West Nigeria" revealed that number of the male respondents is higher than female respondents  [11] . Librarians in discharging their responsibilities should inform library users by communicating the availability of new technology and the way it operates to them. Table 2  revealed that majority of the respondents 262 (96.3%) were aware of the existence of the library catalogue in the university library. The awareness of respondents would depend on the way the library informs their users about the use and functions of library catalogue revealing the available resources and its location in the library. shows that majority of the respondents 178 (68%) were aware of the card catalogues as a access point / retrieval tool for searching for information resources in the library. In order to find out how respondents became aware of the library catalogue in the university library, options were provided in the questionnaire on the sources of library catalogue and they were asked to indicate the sources of their awareness. This implies that majority of respondents became aware of information retrieval tools through library staff and user education programmes these are more formal sources of awareness about library catalogue function and use. The result proves that the management of the university library provides awareness opportunity to users for retrieval and utilization of information resources, except that they need to put more emphasis during library orientation to add to existing ones. Table 5  indicated that majority of the respondents 158 (60%) used the library catalogue regularly when searching for materials in the library. 24 (9%) of the respondents never used the catalogue but they were aware of it existence in the library as indicated on table 2 above. The finding of this study however revealed that the rate at which the respondents used the library catalogue regularly was very high. Total  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  100  10  20  0  0  6  12  28  56  6  12  0  0  50  200  10  23  6  14  10  23  16  36  2  5  0  0  44  300  10  19  6  11  14  26  12  22  6  11  6  11  54  400  14  25  0  0  36  64  6  11  0  0  0  0  56  500  2  3  0  0  54  93  2  3  0  0  0  0  58  Total  46  18  12  5  120  46  64  24  14  5  6  2  262  The finding indicated poor use of OPAC 12 (5%) at the university library. This finding is in agreement with Fabunmi & Asubiojo whose study on OPAC use by students of Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife found out that though many students were aware of the OPAC, few actually made use of it. The study found that majority of the respondents were aware of library catalogue in the library including OPAC  [12] . The finding in this case was surprising considering that majority of the respondents had indicated that they do not use the OPAC. The reason for this could be attributed to the fact that users did not have the ICT skills to manipulate the OPAC and they solicit the help of library assistants or even friends to retrieve information materials in the library. Table 7  revealed that 118 (45%) of the respondents use catalogue to access information for assignment, followed by those that use it to retrieve information for research 96 (37%). It could be concluded that majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. This agrees with the findings of Oghenekaro that 94 (37.5%) of the respondents used it for research purpose, 66 (26.3) used it for enquiry, while others used it for bibliographic record supply, document delivery and others  [1] . Higher number of the respondents indicated poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC 96 (37%) and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available 58 (22%) were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. Again, the later challenge could be attributed to lack proper shelf reading by the library staff, which made users not to locate material indicated available in the library by the catalogue and not visible on its shelf. This finding corroborates with that of Ogbole & Morayo which revealed that (41.1%) of the respondents rarely use OPAC. It is disturbing to discover from the study, that most of the respondents were aware of the card catalogues as access and retrieval tool for searching for information resources in the library. Unfortunately, most of the respondents were yet to be conscious of the existence of the OPAC, do not understand its operations and rarely use the service despite the huge investment of library resources in the production. It could be concluded that majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. Another source of frustration was reasonable number of the respondents indicated poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. b. Librarians should organize orientation and sensitization programmes that will create awareness, and encourage the university community to effectively use OPAC to ensure proper use of library information resources. d. Regular shelf reading should be done so as to establish right contact between library users and library materials and avoid misplacement or wrong shelving of information resources.
paper_305	This is primarily due to difficulties in uncovering uncertainties in information provided by credit applicants and also due to lack of reliable automated techniques that would improve the efficiency of manual underwriting procedures. The results obtained proved that such a mechanism can be applied to augment manual credit appraising processes, especially where large volumes of applications are to be processed within limited timeframes. We begin by highlighting the relevant base literature upon which the experiment was setup and the subsequent experimental setup and finally the results obtained with corresponding analysis and conclusion. Generally, bank loan officers rely on traditional methods to guide them in evaluating the worthiness of loan applications. This is the first empirical research of its kind in our country that addresses in a systematic way the issue of using Meta classifiers in loan ap-plications. The general objectives of this study were to: 1) Implement the meta learning algorithm -LogitBoost to develop as system for evaluating credit applications to support loan decisions in Kenyan financial institutions 2) Outline some of the challenges of using the learning algorithm in the decision-making process for the banking industry in Kenya 3) Champion the applicability of Java as an open source software in business intelligence applications From time immemorial in the banking sector, banks have relied on the personal assessment of loan risks or on the traditional statistical methods to predict the default of loans instead of using a standardized evaluation tool. These traditional methods often require a great deal of subjective input from underwriters, making them un-reliable and often lack empirical and scientific backing. Further, the study considered a binary output from the classifier, hence dependent variable can only take on accept or reject values with an emphasis on the banking industry in Kenya; though the results can easily be generalized to institutions elsewhere. Loan appraisal decisions can easily extend beyond the "accept" or "reject" kind of classifications to include such other spectral values as "fairly good", "good" and so on. Although the classifier takes this into account through voting -in which those values that meet certain thresholds are promoted to either of the classification values, most of such incidences are minimal and can be handled through judgmental procedures by re-examining those peculiar cases and applying policies as laid out. The ongoing changes in the banking industry, in the form of new credit regulations, the need for innovative marketing strategies, the ever increasing competition and the constant changes in customer borrowing patterns; call for frequent adjustments to credit management in order to remain competitive. The traditional credit appraising techniques based on a hybrid mixture of manual and statistical techniques such as indices and reporting, credit bureau references, post screening, fact act, multiple credit accounts and initial credit line, the manual input are definitely inadequate in modern times. Automated techniques have progressively become popular in contemporary loan appraisal processes. One of the earliest automated procedures uses statistical tools which have fallen short of the inherent challenge for today's commercial banks is their desire to understand large amounts of information and reveal useful knowledge to improve decision-making. Boosting works by sequentially applying a classification algorithm to reweighted versions of the training data and then taking a weighted majority vote of the sequence of classifiers thus produced  [4] [5] [6] . One such algorithm that effectively addresses these issues is the LogitBoost Meta classifier -based on the log of the odds ratio for the dependent variable  [7, 8] . There have been various other attempts to deal with the loan appraisal problem using various techniques  [10]  to varied degrees of success. The solution to the problem was an adaptation of ensemble machine learning strategies where a 'weak' classifier, commonly referred to as a base classifier was boosted through a series of adjustments through weighting and re-sampling to develop a better learner which was an additive aggregate of individual learners. The boosting method was developed around the Probably Approximately Correct (PAC) model that entails transforming 'weak learners' into 'strong learners'. The reported technique derives from the intuitive understanding that instead of putting all the effort on finding highly accurate base classifiers, it becomes sufficient or even desirable to use a set of weaker hypotheses. Resulting classifier is a simple threshold on a single feature a) Outputs a +1 if the attribute is above a certain threshold b) Outputs a -1 if the attribute is below the threshold In this study, 'majority voting' was adopted for combining hypothesis from different learners. In majority voting, to predict the class of a new item, each base classifier got to vote for either the 'accept' or the 'reject' class. A accept classification for a loan decision meant pointed to a successful application while a reject classification pointed to the alternative. It can be proven (as discussed here-under), that under the assumption that all individual classifiers have the same prediction rate and that the distribution of the data correctly classified by each base classifier is independent and random, this is the best possible strategy. The implementation detailed lay in the use of a logistic regression that models the posterior class probabilities Pr (G = k|X = x) for the K classes. In our study, the variable k was bi-valued and took on either 'accept' or 'reject' values and K was set at 2. The model was specified in terms of K −1 log-odds that separate each class from the base class K. a) With K attributes , there are K different decision stumps to choose from b) At each stage of boosting i. given reweighted data from previous stage ii. Repeat until you have T classifiers selected The development platform used for this project mainly included the following open source software products: The Java Development Kit (JDK) which is a Sun Microsystems product released under the GNU General Public License (GPL) was one of the packages used especially for the compilation of the source files. This strategy is similar to the use of two files as discussed earlier but relies on the learner to automatically partition a given data set into two given a split percentage Options: -F -R -I 15 Number of performed iterations: 15 Time taken to build model: 0.06 seconds Time taken to test model on training data: 0.01 seconds The results were interpreted along the following parameters for all the various training and testing strategies. Test Split ROC graph ROC was developed during the World War II to statistically model false positives and false negatives of radar detections. The ROC graph is a plot of two measures: Sensitivity: The probability of true classifications given true instances i.e. Indicates something is wrong with the classifier The ROC produced for the described strategy was as shown in figure 2.The ROC graph is regular with an area of 0.96. The value converted to 1 decimal place, these values indicate a perfect classification After a successful implementation of the stated system, the following were the key outcomes:  Three options were investigated for training the algorithm namely: a) The use of single file both for training and testing the model through stratified cross validation. The technique was applied repeatedly by taking different partitions every time and the results averaged on the respective bounds. The model accuracy using this procedure was 86.86% making it a fairly reliable strategy b) The use of separate training and testing data sets returned an accuracy of 95% making it a relatively better strategy c) The use of a ratio to determine the size of the training and testing files from one data set returned an accuracy of 88.64% Therefore, it implies from these findings that the use of separate files for training and testing of the model returns the best model accuracy and hence should be adopted. The trained model was subjected to 20 instances of unclassified data which had been carefully selected from a portion of the training and through analysis returned 19 correctly classified instances resulting in a predictive accuracy of 95%  Three suggestions are likely improve the model and hence the predictive accuracy of the learner: The training and testing procedures can be done severally with different input parameters and file sizes to settle on the most effective set for different learning processes. A cost matrix can be fined as part of the training procedure that penalizes wrong classifications especially the true negatives for this study. Finally, as stated earlier in the introduction, it is not prudent to completely rely on an automated credit appraising as some cases might require subjective interpretation and personal judgment. This is a good basis for manually investigating such cases whose levels of confidence go below a certain threshold. As a conclusion, the reported work indeed confirmed that: 1) Machine learning procedures can be applied in financial modeling applications to augment manual underwriting techniques 2) These procedures can greatly improve the efficiency of such techniques because of their ability to handle large items of data generating very useful statistics 3) This work can be improved through the use of enhanced data set pre-processing procedures, the use of a cost matrix as well as parameter tuning to settle on the most effective set for various data mining requirements.
paper_310	We present a review of robots controlled by mobile phone via moving the robot upward, backward, left and right side by the android application such as Arduino, Bluetooth. We derived simple solutions to provide a framework for building robots with very low cost but with high computation and sensing capabilities provided by the smart phone that is used as a control device. Here we use mainly Arduino UNO (ATMEGA 328P), Bluetooth module (HC-05). The controlling of the Robot is done wirelessly through Android smart phone using the Bluetooth feature present in it. An example of such a costeffective project has been proposed here. The design of the system is kept as simple as possible. f) Hardware of this project consists of Arduino UNO, Bluetooth module and a motor driver IC. h) Through the Bluetooth module for monitoring and controlling the particular motor reaches the board and process accordingly and the output of the Arduino goes to the motor driver IC and it controls the particular motor. The system consists of following parts: a) Arduino UNO (ATMEGA 328P) b) Bluetooth module (HC-05) c) Smart phone d) Motor driver (l293D) e) Arduino software (version 1.8.1) The basic building blocks of the project have been described below: Microcontroller will act as the brain of the robot. In this system we will be using microcontroller named Arduino UNO which contains ATMEGA 328P microcontroller chip (  Figure 1 ). Bluetooth module will give the commands given by smart-phone to the microcontroller. Here we the Bluetooth RC Controller application (  Figure 3 ) as the operating remote of this system. The advantage of this project is that the application software designed for android phones is kept simple but attractive with all necessary built-in functions. It is also interfaced with the microcontroller  (Figure 4 (a) ) and with circuit connections  (Figure 4 (b) ). Arduino software (  Figure 5 ) is used to put the instruction of whole functions of this system to the microcontroller. The program is stored in the EEPROM of the microcontroller, which is present in the Arduino board. In android application when we press a button, a corresponding signal is sent through the Bluetooth to Bluetooth module (HC-05) which is connected with the Arduino board. When signal data arrives the Arduino the pin which corresponds to the particular input is set to high. Now that pin gives the output to the motor driver section. First set up section where we define all the variables. The working principle of the circuit has been elaborated with the help of a block diagram, of the system interconnection as shown in  Figure 6 . The Bluetooth module receives the signal sent from an android smart-phone, where the application software coded in C language is installed. The microcontroller, thereby, sends instructions, which when executed, helps in functioning of the motor driver. Hardware of this project consists of Arduino UNO, Bluetooth module and a motor driver IC. Through the Bluetooth module for monitoring and controlling the particular motor reaches the board and process accordingly and the output of the Arduino goes to the motor driver IC and it controls the particular motor. Our proposed project consists of the following three sections: a) Input section b) Microcontroller section c) Output section In our android application base Bluetooth controlled robotic car, the user interacts with the system with a smart phone. In this method user must be present within in range (< 15 meters) to control the system. When user sends any data to the Arduino board then the corresponding pin of Arduino goes to high state and switches the motor driver ic in the on mode. The corresponding motor moves as per the input data. Here in this project the user (android application) is the input section. The system can now be connected with the motors (output section) to be controlled via wireless connectivity. The circuit diagram of this project is shown below: Here at first we construct the circuit as shown in  Figure 7 . These commands help the microcontroller to interface with the Bluetooth module HC-05 and also with the motor driver IC L293D. Here the Bluetooth module act as a receiver which receives the instruction from the smart phone (remote or transmitter). Then the microcontroller decides the operation for the instruction which is coming from the smart phone. The functions of the given instructions are operated by the microcontroller. When any input is given then the motors moves as per the preloaded functions in the microcontroller. Figure 8  shows the snapshot of the whole Bluetooth Based Smart Phone Control Robot Project.
paper_333	The aim of this study is to design a model for Enset diseases diagnosis using Image processing and Multiclass SVM techniques. This study presented a general process model to classify a given Enset leaf image as normal or infected. The strategy of K-fold stratified cross validation was used to enhance generalization of the model. Bacterial Wilt and Fusarium Wilt disease and collected 430 Enset leaf images from Areka agricultural research center and some selected areas in SNNPR. The proposed model demonstrated with four different kernels, and the overall result indicates that the RBF Kernel achieves the highest accuracy as 94.04% and 92.44% for bacterial wilt and fusarium wilt respectively. Enset crop is related to and resembles the banana plant which is an indigenous plant classified under the monocarpic genus Enset and family Musaceae. Particularly, diagnosis of potential diseases on Ethiopian banana is based on traditional ways and due to limited research attention given to Enset crop production. If the Enset crop diseases can be minimized then definitely the production will significantly be increased to contribute to the country's economy towards a new boost. Therefore, the implementation of IT based solution in the sector will have a paramount importance to facilitate the activities such as economic, social and ecologic development in the country by increasing efficiency in both quality and quantity of Enset crops production, to sustain dependability of customer preferences and to preserve the ecology  [2] . The remaining part of this paper is organized as follows. The types of common Enest diseases are discussed in Section II. In Section III, we present the architecture of proposed system. Experimental results are reported in Section IV. Section V presents the conclusion and discusses of future works. So far a number of fungal, nematode, viral and bacterial diseases were reported to cause damage at different degrees of intensity that was mainly explored by Quimio research finding since 1992. Among various diseases, Enset bacterial wilt and Fusarium Wilt is considered as the most dangers one that reduces Enset yield  [6, 7, 8] . Figure 2  shows the architecture of the proposed system  A. Dataset Partitioning The images of the dataset are collected from different parts of southern Ethiopia. Test Result For the experimentation a total of fifteen experimental setups which is color, texture morphological and a combination of each and a multiclass Kernel support vector machine model: Linear Kernel, polynomial Kernel, RBF kernel and Quadratic Kernel was used. From the figure it is shown that the RBF kernel classifier has classified the given enset image in its correct class category by 94.04% and 92.44% respectively.
paper_389	This paper systematically describes the definition, model structure, parameter estimation and corpus selection of the conditional random field model, and applies the conditional random field to the Chinese word segmentation and the Chinese word segmentation method. Experiments are carried out to analyze the influence of the choice of conditional random field model parameters and the selection of Chinese character annotation sets on the experimental results. Furthermore, the condition of random field model can be used to add the advantages of arbitrary features, and some new features are added to the model. Experiments on the corpus show that the introduction of the word position probability feature has improved the accuracy, recall and the value of Fl. For example, Xue N divides Chinese characters into four categories according to their different positions in Chinese words, and then divides them into Chinese characters by using the maximum entropy model. For example, "O" can be used to represent individual Chinese characters, "B" means Chinese characters appear in the head, "I" means Chinese characters appear in the middle or the end of the word. We first set three candidate marks "O", "B" and "I" for each Chinese character and add a start node "BOS" to the head, An end node "EOS". According to the meaning of "O", "B" and "I", the rules are summarized as follows: 1, the sentence of the first Chinese character tag can not be I, the last character of the mark can not be B. Since the selection of features has a great impact on the results of CRF segmentation, it is a key issue to consider which features to choose. As mentioned earlier, the CRF makes it easy to add any feature in the observed sequence to the model, so that not only the transfer and emission characteristics of the traditional HMM sequence model can be incorporated into the model, but also some other The feature information associated with the observation sequence or with the language itself is added to the model. The probability of the i-character of the position as the prefix: pY> 95% 昨狭抨第竞耽 3 Z The probability of the i-character as the suffix: pZ> 95% 丸役袄侣丸瞰 4 R The probability of the i-character individual word of the position: 85% <= pR <= 95% 吧枚刘磊躺却 5 U Position of the i-character as a prefix of the probability: formula_0 The probability of the i-character as the suffix: 85% <= pV<= 95% 貌型胁帘午岸 7 D The probability of the i-character position of the individual word: pD <= 5% 言辽改信申仪 8 E The probability of the i-character of the position as the prefix: pE <= 5% 业络王场姆杨 9 F The probability of the i-character as the suffix: pF<= 5% 增隐晋香浓伊 In order to deal with the long-distance information, this paper takes the context distance as 2. The feature template in  Table 2  is a classification of Chinese characters, the template well dealing with numbers, letters and punctuation marks such as error-prone not logged in the above table, the  Table 1 feature  template is a basic feature template, Use word-based. The probabilities of the position probabilities in  Table 3  are extracted from the training corpus and the probability of each position is calculated according to the following probability formula: P (individual word) = number of occurrences of the individual idiom of the word / total number of occurrences of the word * 100% (1) P (prefix) = number of occurrences of the word as a prefix / total number of occurrences of the word * 100% (2) P (suffix) = number of occurrences of the word as a suffix / total number of occurrences of the word * 100%  3 After many experiments and comparisons, the probability of more than 85% or probability of less than 5% of the word as a location probability feature, but also on the selected word for some filtering, the elimination of some unnecessary words, such as At the same time, select the probability of greater than or equal to 85% of the word is subdivided into the probability of 85% <p <95% and p> 95% of the two sets. In this paper, CRF automatic word segmentation experiments, the use of features include the following two: a single word characteristic: a position on the word characteristics. CRF word segmentation system is a word segmentation system based on conditional random field, and the Chinese word segmentation method is adopted. Secondly, feature extraction is carried out to generate training corpus and test corpus which can be recognized by CRF model tool. The format is as follows: each line includes a word and some characters and markings related to the word, characters and characteristics, And between the feature and the tag are separated by tabs. In addition, automatic word segmentation system should also be easy to expand, maintainability and portability; to support different regions, different application areas of different application goals; vocabulary and processing functions, processing methods can be flexible combination of loading and unloading, thereby enhancing the system Processing precision and processing speed; also, to build a "information processing with the modern Chinese word segmentation standard" to match the common or common modern Chinese word segmentation. CRF The word segmentation system is a word segmentation system based on the conditional random field, and uses the feature template one, the feature template two and the feature template three. Table 4  below shows the results of the CRF word segmentation system on the Yangtze River Daily Test Set and the contribution of each feature template to the results. The results of "+ feature template 3" model are obviously better than that of "+ feature template 2" model, that is, under the condition of adding feature template 3, F-score is 4.4% higher than that of feature template 3, Played a better effect. Moreover, since the word position probability feature is extracted completely from the training corpus, some of the participle criterion information of the corpus is extracted to a certain extent, so that when the test set is tested, Corpus. In order to compare the availability of the conditional random field model, we also established two word segmentation models: Hidden Markov Model (HMM) segmentation model and Maximum Entropy (MEM) segmentation model. (CRF) word segmentation model, the experiment uses the combination of "feature template one", "feature template two" and "feature template three" in the common daily closed test set Test, the performance comparison of the results shown in  Table 5 . This chapter first briefly introduces the CRF tools, experiment corpus and standard of experimental evaluation in Chinese word segmentation experiments. The experiment not only demonstrates the influence of the choice of conditional random field model parameters and Chinese character annotation set on the experimental results, but also verifies the validity of the new features and the feasibility of the new method.
paper_391	Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. Globally, tetanus is responsible for 5% of maternal deaths and 14% of neonatal deaths annually. Thus, the aim of this study was to identify the best classifier, and to predict the pattern from the TT data set using the data mining algorithms technique. The data for this study were the Tetanus Toxoid data set from the Ethiopian Demographic and Health Survey (EDHS) 2011, and analyzed using the Knowledge discovery process of Selection, Processing, Transforming, mining, and interpretation. In the cross-validation with 10 folds, correctly classified best are by naïve Bayesian 63.30% and the least accurate were by k-nearest neighbor 60.52%. As a conclusion, the best algorithm based on the TT vaccination data is multilayer perceptron classifier with an accuracy of 67.28% and the total time taken to build the model is at 0.01 seconds. These results suggest that among the machine learning algorithm tested, multilayer perceptron classifier has the potential to significantly improve the conventional classification methods for use in EDHS data of Tetanus toxoid. Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. Thus, women receive doses of tetanus toxoid to protect their birth against neonatal tetanus  [1] . Globally tetanus is responsible for 5% of maternal deaths and 14% of neonatal deaths annually, accounting for up to 25% neonate's death in some African countries  [3] [4] [5] . Ethiopia has one of the highest neonatal tetanus morbidity and mortality rate in the world due to low tetanus toxoid immunization coverage coupled with some 90% of deliveries taking place at home in unsanitary conditions. In Ethiopia in 1999 WHO has estimated about 17,875 neonatal tetanus cases and 13406 NNT deaths which made the country to contribute to 4.6% of the global NNT deaths  [3] . Ethiopia's Expanded Program on Immunization (EPI) started in 1980 and remains the single most important component of primary health care supported by the Ministry of Health. The vaccine to prevent Maternal Neonatal Tetanus (MNT) introduced as part of routine immunization programs in over 100 countries by the end of 2011. Immunizing the mother prior to childbirth with TT protects both her and her newborn against tetanus and antenatal care is the main programmatic entry point for routine TT immunization. Five doses of TT can ensure protection throughout the reproductive years and even longer. In this study, we have used several data mining techniques; classification, clustering, association and outlier detection techniques over the nominated Tetanus Toxoid immunization dataset of the EDHS 11. The main objective of this project was to identify the best classifier, and to predict the pattern from the TT data set using the data mining algorithms and tools for tetanus toxoid vaccination and to connect the technical field public health and medical field to serve the community. In the data mining phase, a procedure is run that executes the desired task and generates a set of patterns. In this tool we have been applied different classification algorithms, clustering and predict a useful result that will be very helpful for the health care planner, new users, and new researchers. Data values and attributes were modified, added and/or deleted, filtered, recorded, dropped the missing values, transformed and attributes are integrated in order to be used by the machine learning techniques in the analysis step for the study. Such models, called classifiers, predict categorical class labels (nominal, ordinal). The classification methods used in this study is to classify data according to their classes putting the data in a single group that belongs to a common class. Where each branch represents an outcome of the test, each internal node denotes a test on an attribute, and each leaf node holds a class label. This approach uses divide and conquers algorithm to split a root node into a subset of two partitions till leaf node that occurs in a tree. K-Nearest Neighbor Classifiers K-Nearest Neighbor is one of the simplest classifier which discovers the unidentified data point using the previously known data points, that is, nearest neighbor  [10] . When given an unknown tuple, a k-nearest-neighbor classifier searches the pattern space for the k training tuples that are closest to the unknown tuple. These k training tuples are the k "nearest neighbors" of the unknown tuple  [7, 10] . This is for assessing how "accurate" your classifier is at predicting the class label of tuples. True   In K-fold cross-validation, the initial data are randomly partitioned into k mutually exclusive folds, D1, D2 … DK, each of approximately equal size. To discover acceptable classes using Simple K-Means based on the principle of maximizing the similarity between objects in the same class i.e., intra-class similarity and minimizing the similarity between objects of different classes i.e., inter-class similarity  [7] . First, it randomly selects k of the objects in D, each of them initially represents a cluster mean or simply center. The iterations continue until the task is stable, that is, the clusters formed in the current round are the same as those formed in the previous round. This is to identify the frequency of the selected attribute occurring together with access to Tetanus toxoid vaccination, based on a threshold called support, identifies the frequent attribute sets. Another threshold is Confidence, which is the conditional probability than an attribute appears in a transaction using the Apriori algorithm. This shows that the results of the accuracy and performance of learning machines on the tetanus toxoid vaccination data set are hence reliable and can be used as good indicators of the ability of the classifier for detection. Using evaluation with cross-validation (10 folds) correctly classified best are by naïve Bayesian 63.30% and the least accurate were by K-nearest neighbor 60.52%. The only attribute of the algorithm we are interested in adjusting here is the "Num clusters field", which tells us how many clusters into five based on the instruction given. Briefly described as follows: Cluster 0-This group have 1534 (27%) instances of which consist of mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Oromo in ethnic, literacy status unable to read mothers, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 15-24, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 1-This group consists of 1004 (18%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, access to TV yes, orthodox in religion, Oromo in ethnic, literacy status unable to read mothers, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 15-24, mother marital status married, head of household male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 2-This group consists of 2063 (37%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated No. Cluster 3-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 4-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Amhara in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 35-49, mother marital status married, hh_head Female, tt-vaccinated yes. (Figure 3 ) In this study, the data mining tool and algorithm like (J48, k-nearest, and Bayes) is used for selecting the training and test data, for classification, and K-means approach for clustering, single-dimension association rule to identify the best association. The specific approaches of mining tools, learning are characterized, we developed the WEKA method is based on choosing the file and selecting attributes to convert ". Our work extends to utilize the implementation of the dataset for data mining tool present in all sections to achieve a better rate of accuracy and improve the efficiency when analyzing the large dataset. As a conclusion, the best algorithm based on the TT vaccination data is multilayer perceptron classifier with an accuracy of 67.28% and the total time taken to build the model is at 0.01 seconds. These results suggest that among the machine learning algorithm tested, multilayer perceptron classifier has the potential to significantly improve the conventional classification methods for use in medical data.
paper_402	This paper presents machine learning algorithms based on back-propagation neural network (BPNN) that employs sequential feature selection (SFS) for predicting the compressive strength of Ultra-High Performance Concrete (UHPC). The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete. The steps that were are followed in developing a robust and accurate numerical model using SFS include (1) design and validation of ANN model by manipulating the number of neurons and hidden layers; (2) execution of SFS using ANN as a wrapper; and (3) analysis of selected features using both ANN and nonlinear regression. Several types of machine learning algorithms such as Artificial Neural Network (ANN) have been used in different fields for the development of models that predict response parameters (experimental dataset) using certain independent input parameters. Mainly, ANN was utilized to model the nonlinear behaviour of fatigue and creep of Reinforced Concrete (RC) members  [5] [6] [7] [8] . The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete  [14] [15] [16] [17] . Despite the statistical advantages of ANN, it has been long regarded as a black box that evaluates functions using input covariates and yielding outputs. ANN) until the model's error function increases. There are two types of SFS classes -mainly filter method and wrapper method  [28] , where Zhou et al. Moreover, Rodriguez-Galiano et al. As a result, the Rain Forest machine learning algorithm used with SFS showed promising results, where only three features were sufficient enough in predicting the most accurate results. The steps that were are followed in developing a robust and accurate numerical model using SFS include (1) design and validation of ANN model by manipulating the number of neurons and hidden layers; (2) execution of SFS using ANN as a wrapper; and (3) analysis of selected features using both ANN and nonlinear regression. In this study, the previously verified ANN model was used as the objective function and the forward selection was used in selecting the relevant features. The ANN numerical solver, Levenberg-Marquardt, was verified by testing different number of neurons using a basis like the normalized mean square error (NMSE) to measure the error. The SFS algorithm was run 200 times to capture all possible combinations of independent features when using ANN. Based on the results of these trials, the most abundant combination during the SFS analysis, within a 20% threshold, was selected as the important parameters that contribute mostly in the model. The LSR model is a linear function and its form is shown in  (2) . fc = θ1C + θ2SI + θ3FA + θ4W (2)     Since the developed LSR model is capable of accurately predicting the experimentally measured compressive strength, a parametric study was conducted, using this model, to study the effect of Fly Ash and Silica Fume on the compressive strength of UHPC. Using Fly Ash quantities that range between 0-200 kg/m 3 and Silica Fume quantities that range between 40-160 kg/m 3 while fixing the quantity of cement at 1400 kg/m 3 and water at 175 kg/m 3 , several plots showing the variation of strength of UHPC were generated as shown in  Figure 5 . It can be concluded from this study that: 1) The use of ANN with SFS reduced the number of input parameters needed to accurately predict the compressive strength of UHPC mix for the prediction of compressive strength, making it less computationally expensive.
paper_418	The ultimate objective of this study is therefore, to compare the row, column and overall means and variances of the Buys-Ballot table for additive and mixed models. Also, when there is no trend (b=0), the estimates of row, column and overall means are the same for the two models while the estimates of seasonal indices are not the same for both additive and mixed models. The emphasis is to compare the row, column and overall means and variances of the Buys-Ballot table for additive and mixed model when trend-cycle component of time series is linear. Linde  [7]  observed that, the differences between the Additive and Multiplicative and the models are (i) for the additive model, the seasonal variation is independent of the absolute level of the time series, but it takes approximately the same magnitude each year while in the multiplicative model, the seasonal variation takes the same relative magnitude each year. Oladugba et al  [9]  gave brief description of additive and multiplicative seasonality. Iwueze and Nwogu  [10]  observed that when the trend-cycle component is linear, the column variances of the Buys-Ballot table are constant for the additive model, but contain the seasonal component for the multiplicative model. The implication of this is that when the test for constant variance says the appropriate model for a study series is not the additive model; an analyst still faces the challenge of distinguishing between mixed model and the multiplicative model. formula_5 Source: Iwueze and Nwogu (2014), Nwogu el al (2019). These properties of row, column and overall averages and variances of the Buys-Ballot table are what could be used for estimation and assessment of trend parameters, estimation and assessment of seasonal indices and choice of the appropriate for time series decomposition. We assume that the length of periodic interval is s For additive model, using the expression in table 1, we obtain  formula_6 when there is no trend. That is when 0 b =  (Table 1)  For mixed model, we obtain using the expression in  Table  1  ( ) ( )  formula_8 when there is no trend. That is when ( 0 b = ), it is clear from  For mixed model, we obtain using the expression in  Table 1  . formula_10 When there is no trend ( 0 b = ) we obtain from  (Table 1)  . Table 3  that when there is no trend i.e. The expressing of a linear trend and seasonal indices for an additive model is given as    This paper has discussed the Buys-Ballot procedure for comparing the row, column and overall means and variances of the Buys-Ballot table for additive and mixed models in time series decomposition when trend-cycle component is linear.
paper_428	The present article examines the influence of thermal radiation on two-dimensional incompressible magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) mixed convective heat transfer flow of Williamson fluid flowing past a porous wedge. In Non-Newtonian fluids, the most frequently encountered fluids are pseudoplastic fluids, and Navier-stokes equations alone are insufficient to describe the rheological properties of these fluids, therefore, to overcome this defect, several rheological model like Ellis model, Power law model, Carreaus model and Cross model are presented, but little attention has been compensated to the Williamson fluid model and estimated to explain the rheological properties of pseudoplastic fluids. attained both numerical and analytical solutions of Williamson fluid transport through stretching surface subject to joule heating, and they observed that both methods have great argument with all parameters of flow  [7] . studied the peristaltic motion of non-Newtonian fluid through asymmetric channels along porous wall by means of various phase and amplitude, and also studied the manipulation of different wave structures on the fluid flow model  [8] . Reddy discussed unsteady MHD transport of rotating fluid past a permeable surface confined by infinite vertical permeable plate and concluded that by increasing rotating parameter the velocity field is also increased  [23] . By utilizing Killer box technique numerical solutions of problem of mixed convection axisymmetric flow of air with variable physical properties was obtained by Ramarozara  [36] . Bau investigated the thermal convection in a saturated stratified medium bounded between two parallel eccentric cylinders with the help of a regular perturbation expansion along Daarcy-Rayleigh number; it was observed that the appropriate preference of eccentricity values can maximize the heat transfer inside annulus of various thermal insulators  [37] . investigated flow reversal of mixed convection in a three dimensional channel and concluded that an increase in Richardson number, natural convection dominates the flow and thermal field of combine convection  [39] . Kaya found nonsimilar solutions of steady laminar mixed convection heat transfer flow from a perpendicular cone in a porous medium with influence of radiation, conduction, interaction and having high porosity  [40] . studied unsteady combined convection flow in a cavity in presence of nanofluid  [41] . Chaudhary and Jain studied the impact of mass transfer, radiation and hall on MHD mixed convection flow of viscoelastic fluid in an infinite plate  [43] . Ferdows & Liu obtained the similarity solutions of mixed convection heat convey in parallel surface with internal heat production  [44] . To examine accuracy of our work a comparison has been made with the available works of Ishak et al. [78] , Yih  [79]  and Rashidi et al.
paper_432	And found some results; The theory of reduction of cotangent bundles developed playing an important role in solution of the general problem for reduction a single or bit type cotangent bundles for base manifolds, possibility study of Hamiltonian tubes when the simplistic manifolds is a cotangent bundles, in the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models. We can introduce the Legendre transformation we need some basic facts about the structure of the cotangent bundles * of a nd dimensional differentiable manifold . < H , J = >= < = . When we take the basis vectors H =  The Cotangent Bundle Τ * contains the following classes of Lagrangian submanifolds; The fibers of Τ * . [9]   Let (H, |,`, 0) be a locally trivial fiber space whose total space and base space are path -connected and & a pathconnected topological space. 1)  Figure 2 . 8 ' ( K , n, ' ) = 8 ' ( K, n ). ' , for K ∈ , n, ' ∈ . (n, ) = ( nℎ -1 , ℎ. (n, ) = (n`n, ). It is a smooth manifold; in fact × °→ / is the fiber bundles associated with the principal bundles → / via the H on S. The left multiplication commutes with the twist and descends to a smooth on G × °, namely n`. In the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models. [17]   Let act freely and properly by cotangent lifts on * Q, and let Jbe the momentum map of the G action (with respect to the canonical symplectic form on * Q. Leta ³ : → / is projection. ± • for some n ∈ . [12]   The first result of the theory in cotangent bundles reduction, the theory developed for the problem with a single or bit type playing an important role in the solution to the general problem of a singular cotangent bundles reduction for base manifolds, Hamiltonian tubes when the symplectic manifolds is a cotangent bundles, in the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models and the first work studying symplectic normal forms in the specific case of cotangent bundles. Conclude that the theory of reduction of cotangent bundles developed playing an important role in solution of the general problem for reduction a single or bit type cotangent bundles for base manifolds and found that the phase space is the cotangent bundle T * Q of a configuration space .
paper_444	Resource constrained project scheduling problem is to make a schedule for minimizing of the completion time or total cost subject to precedence rules and resource constraints. To meet the manger goals, it is assumed that the increased quantities of resource are uncertain variables and the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. Furthermore, the equivalent form of the above model is given and its equivalence is proved. Finally, a genetic algorithm is applied to search for quasi-optimal scheduling, and a project example is given to illustrate the effectiveness of the model. The resource constrained project scheduling problem (RCPSP) takes into account the balance of makespan and total cost through resource allocation and reasonable activity schedules while the precedence constrains between the activities and resource constrains are all satisfied. Ying  [8]  proposed a schedule model of flexible work-hour constraint, in which the human resource was dealt with a new constraint to the classical RCPSP and the increased quantities of human resource were real-value variables. Xie  [9]  supposed that the increased quantities of resource were real-value variables, and built a multi-mode resource constrained project scheduling model for minimizing both the project makespan and cost. Liu  [13]  firstly established an uncertain project scheduling model, aiming to minimize the total cost under the constraint that the completion time does not exceed the deadline. Ma  [15]  considered resource constrained project scheduling problem with uncertain durations, and an uncertain excepted value model was built with the objective was to minimize the completion time. In this paper, we consider uncertain resource availability project scheduling problem based on uncertainty theory, in which the increased quantities of resource are uncertain variables, and the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. For solving the above model, the equivalent form of the model is provided and the proof is given. In Section 2, an uncertain resource constrained project scheduling model will be built and transformed into a crisp form. A multi-objective programming model is built under the resource restricts and precedence rules of activities constrains in order to balance the completion time and the total cost of the project. The uncertain resource constrained time-cost trade-off problem can be described as following optimization model: formula_0 In the above model, objective ○ 1 is to minimize the project total completion time; Objective ○ 2 is to minimize the expected project total cost which consists of the activity cost and the additional resource cost. In order to transform the model into deterministic form, we introduce the following several theorems. [16]  Let G be an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution H. If the excepted value exists, then +IGJ = K Φ MA (<) A = <. If the function Q(R A , R P , ⋯ , R ) ) is strictly increase with respect to R A , R P , ⋯ , R S and strictly decreaseing with respect to R STA , R STP , ⋯ , R ) , then formula_2 holds if and only if formula_3 To solve the model (1), according to the operational law of uncertain variables, we transformed it into its equivalent form, as shown below. formula_4 Proof: Because is an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution Φ , and formula_5 by the definition of uncertain variable  [16] , we know that ? The information of the activities. To solve this model, we transformed the uncertain model into equivalent form and proved it. Finally, we used genetic algorithm to search quasi-optimal solution of the model and gave a numerical example to illustrate the validity of the model.
paper_462	To deepen the reform of clinical medical personnel training in an all-round way with the cooperation of medicine and education is the strategic adjustment direction of clinical postgraduate education in China. Through improving the conditions of enrollment, innovating the training mode, adjusting the award marks and improving the system guarantee, it has effectively constructed the professional degree education of master of clinical medicine and standardized resident training. Since the implementation of the new training mode, the quality of postgraduate training has been significantly improved, the employment rate of graduates has been steadily improved, the influence of the school has been expanded, and the experience for relevant units to carry out the reform of postgraduate training mode of clinical medicine master's degree has also been provided for reference. Since 2009, the school has been focusing on reforming the training mode of clinical master degree postgraduates (hereinafter referred to as clinical master). In view of the main problems existing in clinical master education, the school has carried out a series of reforms and explorations on the organic link between clinical master education and standardized resident training (hereinafter referred to as standard training). In the long-term practice of training clinical master, Chongqing Medical University has gradually explored a new "5+3" training mode which combines clinical master education with regular training, and completed the educational practice of "Innovation and Practice of the Training Mode of Clinical Master Professional Degree in China"  [3] . The system reform of training mode for clinical master of Medical University has effectively solved the problem of insufficient practical ability of clinical master, and has realized the degree education and professional qualification recognition of clinical medicine specialty. The organic cohesion of syndromes has effectively improved the quality of clinical master training. The school accurately grasps the law of professional degree postgraduate education, changes the concept of professional degree postgraduate education, and orientates the training purpose of clinical master as "training doctors who can really see a doctor", aiming to improve the clinical practice ability of postgraduates as the main objective, and is in line with the training goal, thus laying a solid foundation for the organic connection between the two. First, after one year's clinical training in the tertiary and first-class affiliated hospitals of the school, the clinical master who has not obtained the license of a licensed doctor is allowed to apply for the qualification examination of a licensed doctor, which solves the contradiction that the clinical master cannot obtain the license of a licensed doctor during the period of study  [5] . Thirdly, we allow our clinical master not to take the entrance examination, but to be directly incorporated into the standardized resident training system, so that they can participate in the standardized resident training. After completing the relevant training content and passing the examination, the qualified certificate of licensed physician qualification and resident standardized training can be obtained. "Four syndromes in one" has greatly saved the resources of education and training, and provided qualifications guarantee for the connection of clinical medical professional degree education and vocational qualification certification. In order to effectively improve the quality of clinical master training and strengthen the management of clinical rotation process, the school has set up postgraduate management offices in clinical colleges, implemented the system of professional degree tutorial group, and established three-level management systems of schools (graduate schools), departments (graduate management offices) and clinical departments (tutorial groups)  [6] . The Graduate Management Department of the Department organically integrates the training of clinical master's degree, the training of seven-year students' master's degree, and the application of resident doctors for master's degree related to the work of degree award, and arranges the clinical training and clinical competence assessment of clinical master's degree as a whole. The tutorial responsibility system is applied in postgraduate training, but after clinical master's enters the clinical rotation, many times are not in the Department where the tutor is located, and there is a problem that no one manages the professional degree students when they rotate in the clinical departments outside the department  [7] . The current single tutorial responsibility system can no longer meet the requirements of clinical rotation training, which is not conducive to the management and supervision of postgraduates. To ensure the quality of clinical master's training, the school has set up a guidance group composed of the first tutor and rotating responsibility tutor. Each clinical rotating Department of postgraduate clinical rotation appoints a teacher qualified as a professional master's tutor as rotating responsibility tutor to ensure that clinical master's is in clinical rotation. In order to consolidate the reform results of the training mode of clinical master, gradually standardize the management system and continuously improve the quality of training, the school continuously improves the rules and systems around the education of clinical master, covering the methods of re-examination admission, the quantitative assessment of the selection of tutors, the training program, the tutor group system, the curriculum, the professional course examination, the assessment of clinical ability, the regulation of publishing papers, the management of research funds and institutions  [8] . The staff of the Graduate Management Department of the school conducted a thorough investigation on the effect, problems and suggestions of the training mode of clinical master's degree in various clinical departments, and held dozens of meetings to solve common problems. Aiming at the characteristics of professional degree postgraduate education and adapting to the innovation of its training mode, the school has established a funding system different from academic degree postgraduates, and continuously improves the standards and coverage of grants. Therefore, the school has improved the conditions for applying for clinical master's examination, so that it is consistent with the admission conditions of residents' standardized training: undergraduate majors should be clinical medicine, full-time national education series undergraduate graduates, to obtain bachelor's degree. The reformed curriculum system not only meets the training objectives of clinical master, but also meets the requirements of theoretical knowledge for trainees. Thirdly, according to the requirements of standardized resident training, and with the cooperation of training bases, starting from medical ethics, medical ethics, laws and regulations, professional ethics and basic clinical skills, we will offer lectures on medical law, applied psychology, humanistic literacy and doctor-patient communication to comprehensively improve the comprehensive quality of clinical master. The rotation requirement not only meets the requirements of the state for clinical master, but also closely combines with the regular training. For non-graduate students, we adopt the "fill-in" training method, that is, accurately record the clinical rotation time of clinical master, and add up the previous training time to meet the requirements of training time. the second stage of standardization training), which not only saves the time for graduate students to carry out clinical rotation, but also ensures the quality of training, and achieves seamless docking in the rotation cycle. There are mainly "pre-job training", "centralized departure assessment", "stage assessment" and "annual assessment"  [13] . The school has established a multi-level and whole-process clinical competence assessment system, which is suitable for clinical master's clinical competence assessment and regular training and graduation assessment. The Interim Measures for the Implementation of the Regulations on Academic Degrees of the People's Republic of China promulgated in 1981 stipulates that before the postgraduate's reply, the degree-granting unit shall employ one or two experts from the disciplines concerned with the thesis to review the thesis. Before graduation, clinical masters not only have to defend their dissertations, but also have to pass strict clinical competence assessment, which increases the workload of students. The school regularly carries out the training of tutors and managers, explaining in detail the strategic development direction of national postgraduate education and the related policies of clinical master's education in our school. The staff of the Graduate Management Department of the school conducted a thorough investigation on the effect, problems and suggestions of the reform of the training mode of clinical master in various clinical colleges and departments, and organized a meeting to solve some common problems. There are three difficult problems in the training process of master's degree postgraduates of clinical medicine specialty: first, the graduates of clinical medicine specialty with bachelor's degree must work in medical institutions for one year before they can apply for the qualification of practicing physician; second, the graduates with bachelor's degree can't obtain the qualification certificate of practicing physician and can't carry out clinical training; third, some of the graduates with bachelor's degree must work in medical institutions for one year. By promoting the combination of clinical master training and regular training, the problem of clinical master qualification certification has been solved, and a new "5 + 3" training mode has been constructed. The school has thoroughly reformed the training mode of clinical master, organically docked school education with post-graduation education and lifelong education, promoted the seamless docking of professional degree education with industry access standards, accelerated the internationalization process of higher medical personnel training mode, and formed a new systematic training mode for clinical doctors, which has great application value in the whole country. In view of the characteristics of professional degree postgraduate education, the school grasps the development trend of postgraduate education, and closely combines the admission criteria with the industry admission criteria in all aspects of enrollment, cultivation and award of posts, which ensures the complete docking of personnel training and qualifications, and provides mature experience for the seamless docking of professional degree education and Industry admission criteria in China. The new "5+3" training mode built by the school covers all aspects of training, such as curriculum system, assessment system, award system, award system, rotation system, tutor system and management mode. The school has continuously innovated the training mechanism and formed a "modular" curriculum system and a quantitative assessment system for clinical competence. The two systems complement each other and organically combine to realize the training of clinical master and regular training. Secondary colleges have set up a special post-graduate management office to coordinate the implementation of the reform of the training mode of their departments. Since 2009, the school began to explore the reform of the training mode of clinical master in an all-round way. It has basically realized the seamless connection between the degree education of clinical medicine specialty and the certification of professional qualification. The main results are as follows: The reform breaks through the restrictions of relevant industry policies on the training objectives and modes of clinical master, and provides innovative modes for brothers to learn from. In the 2011 "Forum on Reform and Development of Medical Education", the principal of the school presented the reform experience to the conference and won the unanimous praise of the broad masses of colleagues. The leaders of the Ministry of Education, the Health Planning Commission and more than 400 persons in charge of training units participated in the symposium, which greatly promoted the reform and development of clinical Master's training in China, and played a tremendous leading role in promoting the reform of the training model of clinical Master in the western region and even in the whole country. The article "Construction and Practice of Quality Assurance System for Master of Clinical Medicine Degree Postgraduates" published in "Degree and Graduate Education" won the second prize for Excellent Thesis of "Degree and Graduate Education", and it is also the only prize-winning thesis in the field of medical science. The school assists in formulating the standardized training policy for general practitioners and residents in Chongqing, the construction of bases, the training and assessment system, and teacher training. The "5 + 3" reform of clinical medicine master's degree in Chongqing Medical University has established a "one goal", that is, to train "doctors who really can see a doctor", and established the basic principles of the reform of training mode of clinical medicine master's degree and the training of clinicians. The establishment of "two sets of systems", namely curriculum system and assessment system, has solved the problem of insufficient clinical practice ability of master of clinical medicine and improved the overall quality of training. The implementation of "three combinations", namely, the combination of enrollment and enrollment, training and training, degree award and physician access. The "four certificates association" should be implemented, namely "licensed physician qualification certificate", "standard training qualification certificate", "diploma certificate" and "degree certificate"  [17] . It has effectively solved the problems of imperfect training mode of clinical master, lack of mature training mode of high-level clinicians, low overall training quality of clinical master, inability to apply for the qualification of licensed physician, difficulty in effectively linking up with regular training, and difficulty in seamlessly linking professional degree education with industry access standards. Chongqing Medical University combines many years of clinical master's education practice, highlights its own characteristics, gives full play to the advantages of running a school, and strives to solve the problem of linking professional degree education with vocational qualification certification. The unit pays attention to the degree education of clinical medicine specialty, strengthens the exchange study, improves the quality of medical higher education in our country, realizes the seamless connection between degree education of clinical medicine specialty and professional qualification certification, and explores the new mode of integrating medical education of our country with international practice.
paper_476	This paper uses JD Logistics as an example to quantitatively analyze the relationship mentioned above. The results show that: (1) The cost and resources operational efficiency are closely related to the order splitting ratio under the same delivery frequency; (2) The delivery frequency has different effects on the operational efficiency of the resources in different links. (3) Through the proper splitting and loading of orders, staff scheduling, and area adjustment of delivery station, the optimal delivery frequency can be achieved under the balance of cost and resource operational efficiency. In order to reduce the operating costs of logistics enterprises on the basis of ensuring service levels, one should first properly allocate the amount of orders and splitting ratios to achieve an economic increase in the delivery frequency. at various stages in the delivery system, which will more likely to result in uneconomical performance. The order volume, the orders' splitting ratio, the operational efficiency of delivery resource and the delivery costs will affect the delivery frequency. The transportation system is a very complex system with many different feedbacks and lagged responses between policy makers. System dynamics models not only offer a different Operational Efficiency: A Case Study of Jingdong Logistics perspective while whole system approach to transport planning, but also demonstrate to policy makers the importance of these feedbacks and lagged responses  [1] . At present, the researches on delivery frequency, resource operation efficiency and cost utilization were mainly focusing on the following two aspects: (1) Delivery efficiency improvement through the choice of delivery model, And (2) Delivery link optimization. [4]  discussed the delivery efficiency problem under e-commerce model from input and output perspectives. That research explored three scenarios, which are joint delivery, autonomous delivery, and third-party delivery, which also pointed out that, in order to improve delivery efficiency, enterprises should adequately consider relevant factors such as own resources, competitors' delivery strategies, and urban transport policies before determining delivery methods. That research took Lyon in France as an example with the using of radar map to visually show CO2 emissions, risk values, delivery costs, traffic impact and delivery time of joint delivery under different scenarios. The system dynamics has a good applicability in analyzing the delivery efficiency, and some researches have achieved a series of results. Tang Mingyu  [16]  took the Beijing delivery system as research object, and measured urban delivery efficiency from three aspects including economy, technology and environment. After that, that research built a dynamic model of the urban delivery system, and simulated the impact of Beijing's pilot logistics policy on delivery efficiency. Wang Wei  [17]  analyzed the advantages and disadvantages of self-operated, outsourced, and federated modes in ecommerce delivery model, and constructed a system dynamics model for the combination selection of delivery modes by selecting six core factors, which can provide decision-making advice for managers to improve the delivery efficiency. Hongtao Yang and Jianbang Du  [19] [20] [21]  uses system dynamics to analyze the problems of supply chain and delivery efficiency from the perspectives of transportation routes, drivers and cooperation agreements, and its sensitivity analysis provides some reference to this paper for the corporate in this case to improve the delivery efficiency. Lin Wanting [22]  considers the phenomenon of unfilled orders, information leakage, and product damage which exists in crowdsourcing delivery, then built system dynamics model from five dimensions of reliability, responsiveness, assurance, empathy and security, which provide decision-making advice for enterprise delivery efficiency management. First, it analyzes the boundary and causality of its delivery system. Next, it uses the simulation model to study the effect of changes in delivery frequency on delivery costs and resource operation efficiency under different quantity of delivery orders. As the first step, this paper defines the research boundary of JDL delivery system. Next, it analyzes the interaction between delivery frequency, cost, and resource efficiency, and builds dynamics simulation model to get the equilibrium of cost and resource operation efficiency under different delivery frequency. Based on the details of research object, this paper constructs two subsystems: delivery cost subsystem and delivery resource subsystem. Therefore, the storage and ferry crossings are negligible in this paper., Only the section within the dotted line in  Figure 1  is considered in this paper. The variable costs occurred due to the volume of orders, which include operating cost of the sorting equipment, rental cost of the site, units fixed cost of transport vehicle, fuel costs, toll and so on. In addition, the number of working facilities and the operating time are affected by factors such as order quantity, delivery frequency, sorting equipment efficiency, and unit load of transport vehicles. Performance wage is determined by the actual amount of work performed during the delivery process. The number of sorting staffs is influenced by factors such as the amount of cargo, the number of sorting equipment, the worker's efficiency, the sorting time requirements, the area of sorting venues, the number of logistics personnel in the yard, the delivery frequency and so on. This article considers the utilization efficiency for the facilities, personnel, and technology such as turnover rate of transportation vehicles, the utilization rate of delivery site, and the delivery personnel loading rate, etc., which are put into the sorting, transportation, and terminal delivery links. The first change may prompt the increase of customer orders and corporate income Therefore the company will increase the investment in delivery facilities and equipment, and thus increase the delivery frequency and service capabilities. As for the latter, given JDL's current batch-by-batch delivery mode, the increase in delivery frequency will reduce the fixed cost allocated to each delivery operation. At the same time, the factors such as sorting time requirements, proportion of per-order batch, efficiency of the delivery personnel, and unit fuel consumption of the vehicle, will have a direct impact on the delivery frequency. Based on the surveys of JDL and interviews with related professionals, this paper summarizes 55 influencing factors on delivery frequency. Therefore, this paper uses the causal loop method of system dynamics to analyze the relationship between the factors. Among them, the positive loop represents that there is a mutually reinforcing relationship between the factors, while the negative loop indicates that there is a balanced relationship between factors (Such as: Delivery frequency --> + Consumer demand response ability --> + Impact of demand response capacity --> + Consumer satisfaction --> + Order quantity due to change in satisfaction --> + Total daily order quantity --> + Per batch delivery order quantity-->+ Sorting center cargo volume-->+ Number of on-site logistics personnel--> -Onsite logistics personnel operating time-->+On-site logistics personnel costs-->+ Sorting personnel costs-->+ Sorting costs-->+ Total cost --> Total profit --> + Delivery facility input --> + Delivery frequency). This model passed the mechanical error checking and dimension consistency testing by VENSIM. After that, the validity of the model was verified though the error analysis by comparing the simulation data and actual operational data, which includes the average cost of sorting, transportation and terminal delivery. The proportions of the order quantity for each batch under different schemes are shown in  Table 3 , and the setting reasons for each scheme are shown in  Table 4 . Therefore, the simulation calculates the utilization rate of the largest batch after splitting when considering the operational efficiency of resources. The reason is that in scenario 3 the sorting center dispatched more vehicles in advance, which increased the cost of transportation. Since the difference in total delivery cost between the two scenarios was not significant and scenario 2 is better than scenario 3, scenario 3 will be neglected in the following analysis. Within the orders volume ruled in this paper, the delivery frequency and the cumulative delivery costs are positively correlated. The four scenarios showed a lower average unit cost when the order quantity was around 4,700 units indicating that this order quantity was a batch of economic orders. Due to the increase in the delivery frequency, the unit average time required to complete the sorting operation became shorter while the number of sorters and the salary of personnel increased. The difference of average unit sorting costs among scenarios 1, 2 and 4 decreased as the order increased, which is because the change in the sorting costs under different order quantities was small and the difference in the delivery order quantity increased. When the volume of orders increased to a certain value, the transportation cost of scenario 1 became the highest among the three scenarios. In scenarios 2 and 4 the orders can be met by just increasing the frequency of existing vehicles, however, in scenario 1, new vehicles were needed to meet the transportation needs, which resulted in higher transportation costs. In terms of unit average terminal delivery cost, all three scenarios have shown a tendency of fluctuating decline, and some of the rises are due to the increase in the costs of delivery personnel and facilities. The difference between the vehicle utilization efficiency in scenarios 2 and 3 increased with order volume until it reached 3600 units. The vehicle utilization efficiency for the three sorting centers in scenario 4 increased with the order volume since only one transportation vehicle was required to be dispatched from each sorting center within the current order volume. This is because the order volume was so small in scenario 4 that in the unit batch delivery personnel was working inefficiently. Recommendation I: one should properly allocate the amount of orders and splitting ratios to achieve an economic increase in the delivery frequency. Therefore, JDL needs to consider the increase in delivery frequency, the increase in delivery costs, the overloading of resources, and the ratio of orders and splits. When the delivery frequency is increased from 3 times per day to 4 times per day, scenario 3 should be adopted from the perspective of increasing consumer satisfaction; scenario 2 should be adopted when the area of delivery stations and the delivery personnel are tight. Therefore, JDL should combine the simulation results with the actual situation before making the delivery frequency decision. Since the average personnel utilization efficiencies of delivery both stations A and B are lower than 60%, the delivery personnel can be reasonably scheduled to improve the utilization efficiency and consumer satisfaction.
paper_479	Handwriting is also a key element in document examination as it leaves a forensic document examiner with the task of determining who the writer of a particular document is and this is achieved through the likelihood ratio (L R) paradigm. This research employed back propagation neural network (BPNN) to model the writing pattern of individuals with input layer as the features of handwriting characters, two hidden layers of three neurons each, activation function sigmoid (s) and an output handwriting. With the help of handwriting model for individual writers, little or no assumptions and no nuisance parameters were employed in achieving full likelihood ratio for comparative handwriting analysis in forensic science. From the research carried out, it can be concluded that modeling an individual's handwriting is a crucial factor in achieving a full likelihood ratio, little/or no inconclusiveness in result reporting and a less degree of disagreements for handwriting identification in a forensic environment. For the handwriting evidence, previous literatures reported many factors and the inability of the forensic examiner to model the writing profile of a writer because it is often believed that an individual's writing profile is a latent characteristic that cannot be observed directly, and is not easily modeled because an individual's writing profile cannot have static characteristics and may change over time  [9] [10] [11]  which has resulted to adopt ad-hoc methods to compute likelihood  [9, 12, 13]  when full likelihood ratio is not achievable. The novelty of our proposed implementation relies on natural handwriting samples over a period of six months from known individuals to form the database to model the writing profile for each writer. In statistics, a nuisance parameter is defined as: ''A parameter of a model where there is no scientific intrigue except for whose qualities are normally required (yet when all is said in done are obscure) to make deductions about those parameters which are of such intrigue [25].'' [19]  described a statistical model for the writer verification task to determine if two documents were written by the same writer, their model followed the scenario proposed by  [17]  thus suffers from the same weakness  [20]  presented one conceivable way to deal with gauge a probability proportion in near handwriting analysis was delineated. The oddity of the methodology depends on producing reproduced composing samples from an accumulation of composing samples acquired from a realized source to frame a database for evaluating the dissemination related with the numerator of a L R . This paper features that investigative setting still remains rather past contemplations practically speaking; it is also attested that L R can be useful for analytical procedures bolstered through various simulations  [21] . Assessment of signature handwriting evidence through score-based likelihood ratio based on comparative measurement of relevant dynamic features was carried out by  [22, 9]  presented score-based approaches to calculating forensic probability ratios that have been established as becoming more progressively common in forensic literature. Features were extracted via local binary pattern from each clustered characters, while the back-propagation neural network was used to learn the writing pattern for each writer and these writing pattern were then stored in the database. Back Propagation Neural Network (BPNN) served the sake of supervised learning of the system. The rationale behind the choice of this algorithm is due to the fact that it is a supervised network and a supervised network will have a target, so the BPNN is a network that has a target. Various things come together to form a BPNN, such as hundreds of single units, artificial neurons or processing elements (PE), connected to coefficients (weights), which represent a neural structure and are organized in layers. The strength of neural computation comes from linking neurons in a network. The transition of the neuron functions determines the behavior of the neural networks, the laws of learning and the structure itself. The neural network is a parametrized system because the weights are variable parameters. The weighted number of the inputs is the activation of the neuron. The activation signal is passed through the transfer feature to produce a single neuron output. Transfer function can add non-linearity to the network. During practice, inter-unit connections are optimized until the forecast error is reduced and the network achieves the required level of accuracy. In terms of model configuration, artificial neural networks do not require knowledge of the data source, but require large training sets because they often include several weights that need to be calculated. Each character variable has a weight W i which shows its contribution in the training process. The feature information extracted from student handwriting through LBP was entered in NN through input layer and the participation of each class of character variables is calculated by the hidden layer of the network using: formula_1 net j is ith type of factor, n is the number of factors in net i , & ' ! weight-recognition factor with weight ! " This study used a network concealed with n input points, k 1 and k 2 hidden, and m output units. The weight from input points i and two hidden unit j is ! " Weight from second hidden unit i and output unit j is ! ) Weight of additional edge for each unit is bias− θ, where input unit and output vector from the hidden layer are expanded with a 1 component as seen in  Figure 2 . Weight from the constant 1 and two hidden unit j is #$",*"  formula_2 After randomly selecting the weights of the network, the backpropagation algorithm is used to measure the necessary corrections. The algorithm can be broken down in the following four steps: Feed-forward computation Backpropagation to the output layer Backpropagation to the hidden layer Weight updates The algorithm is stopped when the value of the error function has become sufficiently small. Step 2: Backpropagation to the output layer This research looked for the first partial derivatives 12 1 ! ) This research work was able to model the handwriting for individual in the presence of large-scale database using the back-propagation neural network (BPNN). An inconclusive state is declared if and only if L R value = 1 With the BPNN algorithm to model handwriting pattern for each writer and L R estimation described in  [10]  this paper was able to deal with the problem of inconclusiveness as there was no inconclusive results reported in the investigation, determine who the writer of a questioned document is as well as eliminate the inclusion of parameters considered nuisance in investigation because each writer's handwriting profile could be ascertained due to the BPNN training of the Handwriting categories. This research shows that modeling handwriting pattern for a writer is an important factor in achieving a full L R which will eliminate the use of nuisance parameters in the computation process, lower the disagreement rate with respect to the Hypothesis in support of the prosecutor and also produce no inconclusive result after estimation of L R .
paper_492	Based on known functions of neuroscience the neural network that performs serial parallel conversion and its inverse transformation is presented. The activity of the upper neural networks changes in response to the context structure inherent in the time series data and have both function of accepting and generating of general time series data. Eating behavior in animals in the early stages of evolution is also processing time series data, and it is possible to predict behavior although be limited short term by learning the contextual structure inherent in time series data. Transition of the activation portion in this type of operation is illustrated. Although status of nervous system of the animal change according to the recognition by sensory organ and to the manipulation of the object by muscle in the vicinity of the animal itself, the evolved animals have in addition another nervous system so-called long-term memory or episodic memory being involved experience and prediction. Furthermore retroactively, although there is a quantitative difference in each part between brain of ape who does not speak the language and our brain, but our brain is consisted of same material. By hierarchical connection of the circuits, it is possible to accept and generate general time series data. As an example, a neural network that can accept and generate multi step time series data such as indispensable for eating behavior is presented. The nervous system related to short-term memory is activated in synchronization with environmental events, but the nervous system involved in long-term memory is highly layered to form an image corresponding to past and future events. Even bacteria like animals in the early stages of evolution must have some eating behavior such as moving relying on light and smell to search for food and determine whether they can be eaten. The eating behavior of animals evolved from the aforementioned animals is composed of time series of actions such as extending arms toward the target, opening the palm of hand when approaching the target, closing the palm to grasp the target and bringing to the mouth. The same applies to general figures. The recognition technology of the figure has evolved by the neural network which starts with the perceptron, but it is forced to judge by the relation of the part and the whole as in the example of kanji when the scale of the figure increases. It is desirable that the behavior of any neural network system can be expressed by combinations of the simple action parts of animals in the early stages of evolution. In this chapter, it is presented that arbitrary time series data can be divide into basic sequences as the logical basis of neural networks. Next, by providing a two-way function to the neural network both serial parallel conversion and vice versa on basic sequences is realized. Example shown in  Figure 1  shows that the time series data (1) arranged by randomly selecting the elements is divided into five basic subsequences (2). (1) The first element is the beginning of the first subsequence. In given example, the leading element is a1, followed by a7, a4, a6 and a6. When the following conditions are true, the element allocate to the top of new subsequence. (2) If the same element exists in already divided subsequence. In this example a6 is the concerned element. (3) If the maximum length of subsequence is defined, a new subsequence is allocated after the subsequence that reaches the maximum length, add new element to the concerned new subsequence. The subsequences divided by above procedure are defined as the basic subsequence. Because the elements activated by c 1 is randomly connected to input, not all elements activated by c 0 are additionally activated. The number and their position of the activated elements is the conversion output corresponding to the serial input  [1] . Its output is the result of the serial parallel conversion, it is the result of AND logic of the output of the activated elements. Therefore, the couplings between the elements are enhanced (Hebb rule) by repeating this conversion, as a result the elements involved in the conversion will be activated by only receiving the first element of the time series data. On the flow direction of data, this parallel to serial conversion is upside down with the serial to parallel conversion described above, but the basis of neural network operation is the same. When the state transition diagram of the  Figure 3  is seen as a serial parallel conversion, the bottom is inputs connected to such sensory organs. On the other hand, when the state transition diagram of the  Figure 3  is seen as a parallel serial conversion, another waiting state is needed. In the spontaneous operation (here by voluntary muscle) performed reactions such as changes of weight feelings from muscle or joint are accompanied by. The essence of the neural network which performs the parallel serial conversion and the neural network which performs the serial parallel conversion is the same except that the conversion result comes out downward or upward. Since general time series data is consisted of hierarchy of basic subsequences, basic units can process general time series data by identifying the outputs of lower layer basic units as the new time series data. Animal's behavior is considered a time series data consisted of the data that is couple of behavior data and received data. The example shown at the beginning of this chapter is also a time series data that is consisted of extending arms, opening the palm, closing the palm to grasp and so on. The time series data handled in the first 2 steps are consists of various stimuli of the internal and endocrine system, as well as data that captured by sensory organ from the environment in which the animal is placed. If the state of the unit becomes active (hungry), it has been shown to activate one after another the lower layer units that achieves eating behavior in the rest steps. After time sequence data learning, animals are possible to quickly start the operation that continues only by receiving the beginning of the time series data to be corresponding a slight sign. The movement will be mentioned in the next chapter. The organism would not yet be capable of subjectivity and would be unable to inspect the images in its own mind, execution of a movement; the movement would be more precise in terms of its target and succeed rather than fail. Animals with some evolved sensory organs must recognize, for example, environmental changes from sunrise to sunset as repetitions of a time series data. The nervous system which is involved in the imitating function is called mirror neurons. One is time series data based on visual information of the cake in front of you and muscle movements that manipulate chocolate plates, which is produced by the nervous system that animals have from the early stages of evolution. However, if the nervous system of the episodic memory is activated by remembering the A shop and the chocolate plate while looking at the cake, the difference between reality and the expectation might become a problem. Stimulus from the sensory organs from the bottom becomes time series data and is transmitted to the upper part. The connection between the two sides is enhanced (Hebb rule) as indicated by a bold line, and visual information is copied to the top to reinforce the episodic memory. When studying objects that are intertwined with portion and whole system such as the nervous system, the idea of category theory can be incorporated to develop the whole without focusing on the details of the object. The following is a description of  Figure 6  associated with the definition of the category shown in Tom Leinster "Basic Category Theory"  [4] . A category N consists of: [Def.1] a collection ob (N) of objects; In this paper, object corresponds to nerve cells in neuroscience and in neural networks corresponds to basic units (or combinations thereof) described in  Figure 6 . [  formula_0 The composite of the coupling is considered to be a hierarchical connection of the objects, and the identity, which is considered a special morphism, can correspond long axons extending beyond hierarchies. The object and morphism that make up the source category are connected by a function to the object and morphism of the target category. According to the Hebb law, if there are two nervous system activated, the binding between the elements in the two categories will be enhanced. And the time series data brought by other brain with highly hierarchically connected structure activities is concerning long-term memory. The process of taking the consistency between the two memories was explained using the idea of a free functor in category theory. From an engineering point of view, the basic unit can be realized by a small microprocessor, and the neural network consists of multiple randomly connected units. Only units contained in the tree structure corresponding to the context of the behavior can work. From among the random connections, the necessary connections for the desired operation are selected and enhanced, and the target function is realized. From the viewpoint of neuroscience, even if there are no "parts" equivalent to the basic unit in the process of stimulation from the sensory organs propagating to the cerebral cortex, axons parallel to the propagation direction connect between the layers, and it can be said that it is a passage of serial parallel mutually converted information. Constructing neural networks based on known functions of neural circuits, including the Hebb rule, and considering the correspondence between the movements of biological neural circuits will lead to new discoveries in both fields.
paper_507	The main aim of present study is to integrate the result of our study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and used the output as a user friendly application using GIS which could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and% contribution of each factor for the same. al, 1999 and varnes 1984)    [7, 8, 9] . In the present study with the help of satellite imageries like DEM from cartosat-1 and topographic maps from GSI (geographical survey of India) a susceptibility map is prepared. Preparation of a landslide hazard zonation map that would divide Uttarkashi into different zones depending upon the factors. Four control points were selected at the corner of the concerned points, the geo-referencing of these coordinates was done by finding the coordinates from the Google Earth. Both the shape file and the map being retrieved in Arc Map, the map is zoomed to a comfortable level such that all features on the map could be easily traced out on the screen itself to create new layers or themes. The shape files created using the raw data are:            An artificial neural network is a "computational mechanism able to acquire, represent, and compute a mapping from one multivariate space of information to another, given a set of data representing that mapping". The back-propagation training algorithm is trained using a set of examples of associated input and output values. The purpose of an artificial neural network is to build a model of the data-generating process, so that the network can generalize and predict outputs from inputs that it has not previously seen  [11, 12] . The hidden and output layer neurons process their inputs by multiplying each input by a corresponding weight, summing the product, and then processing the sum using a nonlinear transfer function to produce a result. An artificial neural network "learns" by adjusting the weights between the neurons in response to the errors between the actual output values and the target output values. At the end of this training phase, the neural network provides a model that should be able to predict a target value from a given input value. In the present study we selected 107 points and all the six factors namely soil depth, soil type, rock type, land cover, slope and elevation and a excel database is created. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. In the former network, no loops are formed by the network connections, while one or more loops may exist in the back propagation neural network with feed forward approach. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. Since ANN does not understand the 'landslide prone' and 'non-landslide prone' region we explain it by giving value '1' and '0' respectively. To calculate weights for different factors we have to train the network, thus interrelationship between the nodes of different factors are given. The back-propagation algorithm was then applied to calculate the weights between the input layer (6) and the hidden layer (20), and between the hidden layer (20) and the output layer (1), by modifying the number of hidden node and adjusting the learning rate (0.01). Most of the training datasets met the 0.01 RMSE goal. The results are compiled below. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. The back-propagation algorithm was then applied to calculate the weights between the input layer (6) and the hidden layer  (15) , and between the hidden layer (15) and the output layer (1), by modifying the number of hidden node and adjusting the learning rate (0.01). The regression performance was 2.03, the accuracy for the training data was 0.99409, for testing and validation are 0.41565 and 0.18369. Other values for landslide susceptibility for the adjoining areas have been calculated using interpolation technique therefore the Rishikesh-Uttarkashi-Gangotri-Gaumukh route has been mapped for landslide Hazard. The study has to led the determination of factors on the basis of past studies and determination of weightage for the chosen six factors namely soil depth, soil texture, rock type, height, slope and land cover. The result of present study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and presented by a landslide hazard zonation map and a user friendly application using GIS that could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and percentage contribution of each factor for the same.
paper_1	A cluster is a collection of data objects that are either similar to one another in the same group or dissimilar to objects in other groups. Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Clustering is the concept that was used in this research to create groups from social media data which can be used for learning on electronic learning platforms. The system design methodology used was incremental prototyping. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. The third step involved using the data already preprocessed above to train the prototype. The relationship between the data items can be established using the k-nearest neighbor technique. They were used to confirm that the system indeed accurately did the classification given some data items. The illustration of the proposed prototype is given below. The results reported in this paper were obtained from a series of evaluations that were done on the classifier on different parameters including functionality, usability, accuracy, precision and recall. This is the section that captured the users view on the functioning of the prototype. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . A good number of learners indicated that they would continually use the system for the purposes of group formation and discussion. This is summarized in the chart below. In experimenting with the Naïve Bayes Classifier, we relied on the NLTK module which provides functions for calculating these measures for the classifier. A total of 200 tweets were extracted and used for this test which was summarized in a confusion matrix. The results below illustrate a summary of what was obtained when 200 tweets were used to test the Naïve Bayes Classifier. These measures can be improved if large amounts of data are used to train the classifier before being used to do actual classification. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. The classifier then grouped the users into different categories based on various tweets that they posted on the task. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. The study has proved that it can actually be used constructively in learning in various institutions. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_2	This creates unwanted congestion during peak hours, loss of man-hours and eventually decline in productivity. In addition to this, the current traffic light systems encourage extortion by corrupt traffic officials as commuters often violate traffic rules because of the insufficient time allocated to their lanes or may want to avoid a long waiting period for their lanes to come up. This research is aimed at tackling the afore-mentioned problems by adopting a density based traffic control approach using Jakpa Junction, one of the busiest junctions in Delta State, Nigeria as a case study. The developed system uses a microcontroller of PIC89C51 microcontroller duly interfaced with sensors. The signal timing changes automatically based on the traffic density at the junction, thereby, avoiding unnecessary waiting time at the junction. The sensors used in this project were infra-red (IR) sensors and photodiodes which were placed in a Line of Sight configuration across the loads to detect the density of the traffic signal. The density of the vehicles is measured in three zones i.e., low, medium and high based on which timings were allotted accordingly. Traffic congestion is a common occurrence in many major cities across the world, especially in third world cities, and this has caused untold hardship to commuters in these cities in diverse ways  [1] . These include loss of man-hours, accident, missed opportunities, noise pollution, air-pollution, increased fuel consumption, increased tendency to violate traffic rules, and in some cases extortion by corrupt traffic control officials. Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. Junction timings allotted are fixed. There are other problems as well, like ambulances getting caught up by a red traffic signal and wasting valuable time  [2] . Sometimes higher traffic density at one side of the junction demands longer green time as compared to the standard allotted time. The suggested case study, Jakpa junction is a typical example of a traffic congested area. In order to overcome the aforementioned problem, this research adopted a density based approach in controlling vehicular traffic. The proposed system would use a microcontroller of PIC family duly interfaced with sensors, to change the junction timing automatically to accommodate movement of vehicles, thereby, avoiding unnecessary waiting time at the junction. The density of the vehicles is measured in three zones i.e., low, medium, high based on which timings were allotted accordingly. A traffic control model using signaling system in a discrete cross-road with NE-555 timer circuit was implemented by  [3] . The uniqueness of this model lies in the implementation of on-demand Pedestrian-Pass signaling, thereby transforming the design into dynamic controller. However, this system lacked inbuiltmechanism for controlling vehicular traffic based on density. Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. Junction timings allotted are fixed. Sometimes higher traffic density at one side of the junction demands longer green time as compared to standard allotted time  [4] . The image captured in the traffic signal is processed and converted into grayscale image then its threshold is calculated based on which the contour has been drawn in order to calculate the number of vehicles present in the image. After calculating the number of vehicles we will came to know in which side the density is high based on which signals will be allotted for a particular side. This is very important when the complexity of a task (problem) exceeds a certain threshold. Real world complex problems such as human controlled systems involve a certain degree of uncertainty, which cannot be handled by traditional binary set theory. The algorithm implementation was done using Mathworks, MATLAB software, and the results were simulated using a Simulink Tool to create traffic scenarios and comparisons between simple time-based algorithms and the developed system. For testing the adaptive traffic light controllers, a simulation system using Qt, C++ software integrated with MATLAB tools was developed. However, this method has no mechanisms for capturing traffic density and for providing a pass for emergency vehicles. This approach involves breaking down a system into smaller units to enable the designer get more insight into the system. This system was broken down into different units as listed below: (1) Power Supply Unit (2) Control Unit (3) Sensor Unit The complete circuitry is operated with TTL logic level of 0-5V. It comprises of a 0V to 12V transformer which is required to step down the 220V AC supply to 12V AC. This is converted by a bridge rectifier to a dc voltage. To isolate the output voltage of +5V from noise further filtering by a 220uF capacitor is done. The bridge rectifier consists of four single phase rectifier diodes connected together in a closed loop to form a circuit that is capable of converting AC voltage to DC voltage  [8] . The maximum output voltage of the bridge rectifier is known as the Peak Rectified Voltage, and is given as; formula_0 V be is the biasing voltage for the diode (i.e. The PIV of the diode is calculated using the relation formula_1 Where Vp = peak voltage of transformer Vrms = root mean square voltage The Vrms of the transformer is given as 12v formula_2 Recall PIV ≥ 2Vp Therefore, PIV of the selected diode is given as 2 x 16.9706 = 33.9412v For current, the maximum current of the transformer I (max) = 500mA The forward current of the diode I f is given as:   formula_3 As for the optocoupler, it is used to provide coupling while ensuring electrical isolation between its input and output  [12] . Another purpose of an optocoupler is to prevent rapidly changing voltages or high voltages on one side of a circuit from distorting transmissions or damaging components on the other side of the circuit. The Transformer steps down the 220 v AC supply to 12 v AC. This is rectified by the bridge rectifier, filtered by the capacitors to remove ripples and regulated by the voltage regulators to produce fixed value of 5 volts which is supplied to the system. The time delay in the traffic signal is set based on the density of vehicles on the roads. The IR sensors are used to sense the number of vehicles on the road. According to the IR count, microcontroller takes appropriate decisions as to which road is to be given the highest priority and the longest time delay for the corresponding traffic light. It is a widely used type of electronic prototyping board characterized by a 0.1-inch rectangular grid holes with parallel strips of copper cladding running in one direction all the way across one side of the board. The leads were then soldered to the copper tracks on the other side of the board to make the desired connections. The codes are as shown in the Appendix. Simulation was done via Proteus software. From the test carried out on the circuit, it was observed that the LEDs with the same color have equal timing, and that each pole of the four traffic light controlling poles, switches sequentially and repetitively until the circuit is disconnected from power. Jakpa Junction, in Effurun, Delta State, Nigeria is increasingly becoming chaotic by reason of the recurring traffic gridlock it experiences. The problem assumes a more worrisome dimension on Effurun Market days. On these days traffic rules are usually violated because of the complex traffic situation. One of such systems is the automatic signaling using IR sensors and Microcontroller. Although the aims and objectives of the project were achieved satisfactorily, it could be further improved upon. This new design would further reduce time delay, improve efficiency and reduce accidents by incorporating the following modifications: (1) The Airport -PTI road should have a two -way traffic light to pass the vehicles coming from Airport road to PTI road. There should also be a two -way traffic light between Effurun -Sapale road and Jakpa road to pass vehicles coming from Effurun -Sapale road to Jakpa road.
paper_3	The aim of this article is to present the general architecture trends of Web-based Adaptive Educational Hypermedia Systems (AEHSs) and to give a complete description of architecture of the AEHS MATHEMA. In the beginning, a related work on the architecture trends of Web-based AEHSs is presented. Then, a description of the aspects of the MATHEMA is done regarding both its pedagogical and technological part. In the Web-based AEHSs, several adaptive and intelligent techniques have been applied to introduce adaptation, such as  [4] : (a) Curriculum Sequencing: It helps the learner to follow an optimal path through the learning material. (b) Adaptive Presentation: It adapts the content presented in each hypermedia node according to specific characteristics of the learner. More specifically it supports: (1) adaptive presentation according to learner's learning style; (2) four adaptive navigation techniques which are direct guidance (uses a "next" button), link hiding (hide nonrelevant links), link annotation (use colors to indicate relevance), and link sorting (like in search engines); (3) a meta-adaptive navigation technique in order for the learner selects the more appropriate navigation technique that best suits him or her; (4) an interactive problem-solving method through personalized and collaborative problem-solving activities that exploits the teaching approaches of experimentation through simulations, guided inquiry and discovery, investigations and peer collaboration; and (5) a method of adaptive group formation for peer matching. The aim of this article is to highlight the main contributions of the architecture of the MATHEMA in the improvement of the functionality of AEHSs. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: In the section 2 related works for various models of architecture of AEHSs is presented. In the section 3 the architecture of the AEHS MATHEMA is presented in detail. The next thing to do is to determine dependencies between the concepts. For each type of relationship (e.g., prerequisites) some generic adaptation rules can be defined. The rules together form the adaptation model in AHAM. A key point in AHAM is that the adaptation rules are used to translate user actions into user model updates (as well as the presentation and adaptation of content). Also, the rules use the user model information together with the action information in order to determine the required user model updates. In order to perform adaptation based on the domain model and user model is needed to specify how the user's knowledge influences the way in which the information from the domain model is to be presented. Today almost all AEHSs follow the general architecture of the AHAM reference model (but possibly with a different kind of rule or reasoning language and engine). The ADAPT project has identified high level design dimensions for AEHSs, which are: (1) context of use (CU), (2) content domain (DM), (3) instructional strategy (IS), (4) instructional view (IV), (5) learner model (LM), (6) adaptation model (AM), and (7) detection mechanism (DE). Thus the prototype involves four main modules: (1) The Domain Model (DM) that represents the domain knowledge of the system. (2) The User Model (UM) that represents the particular user's knowledge of the domain as well as his individual characteristics; both these models comprise the Data Model of the system. The DM structure is exported by the manifest file and is stored into Java Object Files. Moreover domain independent data of UM is stored into the database while at the same time, data about user knowledge is stored into Java Object Files. The adaptive navigation techniques have been applied to it via Java servlets and Java Server Pages (JSP). All the runtime data about user actions and performance is stored into Java Object Files via JSP and Java servlets. The adaptation component consists of a Java servlet which automatically generates the individualized Webpage, each time an HTTP request is received by the server. Based on these preferences, the servlet applies the corresponding adaptation rules and generates the new HTML page. These adaptation rules involve the use of Learning Object (LO) metadata, which are independent of any learning style. The Application Model represents the main features of the application in terms of a model of the domain, the instructional or learning theory used and how the domain concepts are grouped into learning units. The Learner Model is the structure that contains the information on the learner's characteristics that allow the AEHS to adapt to these characteristics. The Presentation Generator requests a composition of the presentation to the JavaServer Pages. As JavaBeans are components of an application in the context of JavaServer Pages or servlets, they are suitable to implement the Presentation Generator and the Adaptation Decision Model. Additionally, the JavaBeans offer advantages of separating the programming logics from presentation, as for the Presentation Generator and the final page composition. The purpose of ULUL-ILM is to provide the AEHS that can recognize student' learning style automatically in real-time and then presents the learning content adaptively based on student learning style. The system then enables to present and recommends a variety of learning contents adaptively towards each of the student's learning style identified in the student model through the adaptation model. The system then analyzes the learning content on each of the learning material, and then comes up with the generated teaching strategies by means of the teaching strategy generator and fragment sorting. The adaptation model enables the system to adaptively presents the content, based on the student's learning style by combining the fragment sorting and adaptive annotation technique. The course player in ULUL-ILM enables the system to adaptively presents the content with various teaching strategies towards each of student's learning style. For supporting features, it uses the (JSP) pages, Java servlets, JavaBeans, JavaScripts, and Apache Struts technologies. This is an interface for Java that standardizes database connections, queries, and results of relational databases. Java servlet technology and JSP pages are server-side technologies that have dominated the server-side Java technology market; they have become the standard way to develop Web applications. A servlet is a Java class that implements the Java servlet API, a protocol to respond to HTTP requests. In the context of JSP pages, JavaBeans components contain business logic that returns data to a script on a JSP page, which in turn formats the data returned from the JavaBeans component for display by the browser. A JSP page uses a JavaBeans component by setting and getting the properties that it provides. The benefits of using JavaBeans components to augment JSP pages are the following  [10] : (1) Reusable components: Different applications will be able to reuse the components. The Apache Struts is a formalized framework for the architecture style design pattern Model View Controller (MVC). It is a set of pedagogical rules that combine the learner's model with the domain knowledge for adaptive performance. In the field of Adaptive Group Formation Module selecting of the most appropriate teaching strategy, the learner's learning style is taken into account during the learner's study. The domain knowledge of the AEHS MATHEMA is the basis of the system's adaptation. In the AEHS MATHEMA, the hierarchical representation of the domain model is adopted by the ELM-ART  [5] , as follows: The first level defines the cognitive objectives, the second the basic concepts and the third the pages with the corresponding educational material. It also defines the relationships between the concepts (prerequisites) and the level of difficulty of the concepts (see part of them in the  Table 1 ). The model that supports the AEHS MATHEMA is the overlay model. The characteristics that the system maintains in learner model for each learner are: name, gender, username, password, learning style, level of knowledge for each cognitive goal (general performance), level of knowledge for each basic meaning of the cognitive goal (quantitative and qualitative characterization), concepts that have been successfully evaluated for each cognitive goal, current page, current teaching method, current navigation technique, navigation history, meta-adaptive navigation status, initial Web experience and knowledge level (pre-existing knowledge) in the current cognitive goal, ways of presenting feedback messages, preference for assistance by Advisor in terms of its navigation, course sequence, and phases of the guided dialogues in interactive problem solving process in which each learner participates. The learner during the study selects the cognitive goal he or she wishes to study, following his or her personal course in the educational content, exploits the system's assistance, navigating and studying, is informed about the information that the system maintains, who can change them by intervening and directing the system's adaptation in this way, in terms of curriculum sequencing, adaptive presentation and navigation and adaptive group formation, selects his or her learning style, selects the navigation technique, activates and deactivates the curriculum sequencing, selects the way that the feedback messages are presented, changes his or her knowledge level for each basic concept of the cognitive goal, and activates-deactivates the Advisor. The system, during the learner's study, monitors his or her interactions with the system and his or her assessment and accordingly updates the links to the course material provided and/or adapts learning material to learner according to his or her learning style. This is an innovation on the architecture of AEHSs. A snapshot of a meta-adaptation result. It includes the content of the JSP pages, Java servlets responsible for feedback and creation of guided dialogs in problem-solving, Java servlets for creating evaluation questionnaires, and so on. In this design phase, the system does not follow a standard metadata description but the system supports data transfer objects. It is responsible for what will be presented to the learner as a result of the processing of the information that arrives from the adaptation engine, the meta-adaptation engine, adaptive group formation module, and application module. In this module there is the basic servlet, which deals with the presentation of the training material and other JSP pages and servlets, such as the page and the corresponding servlet to inform the learner about the characteristics of all learning styles, the servlet for the curriculum sequencing, the servlet for selecting and presenting the concept that the student selects to study according to his or her learning style, etc. More specifically it: (1) initializes and updates the Student Model; (2) collects and stores the data that the learner answers to open-ended questions, entries in tables, registers in notes, etc; (3) monitors the interactions between the learner and the system to get information about his or her choices in terms of the questionnaires, the phases of guided dialogs, the links, the options for meta-adaptive navigation, the visited pages, and more. Assessment of the pedagogical and technological aspects of the AEHS MATHEMA has been carried out. This article presents the trends of architecture of AEHSs so far and then an extensive description of the architecture of the AEHS MATHEMA. The implemented AEHSs so far use various techniques to implement their functions. Most of AEHSs presented in this paper are based on JSP, Java servlets, and Javabeans technologies to implement their functions, as implemented by AEHS MATHEMA. Furthermore, the presented AEHSs above have at least three main modules, such as Student Model, Domain Model, and Adaptation Model as the AEHS MATHEMA also has. In order to support all these functions the architecture of the MATHEMA is more complicated from other AEHSs. In this paper the operation of each module of the system is briefly described which contributes to the required functionality of the system. The main contributions of the architecture of the MATHEMA in the improvement of functionality of AEHSs are the meta-adaptation technique, the adaptive group formation technique, the problem-solving technique, and the synchronous communication protocol that it supports.
paper_21	This scheme consists in evaluating the minimum distance of the reduced dimension sub code fixed by a Self Invertible Stabilizer Multiplier Permutation by Zimmermann algorithm. In telecommunication and storage systems, the fundamental problem is the reproduction at one point exactly or approximately the selected data at another point. An efficient solution of this problem is the use of error correcting codes. The error correcting codes improve the reliability of such communication, notably on channels that are subject to noise, by adding redundancy in data. BCH codes are a family of cyclic codes, which are used in many applications, due to their powerful algebraic decoding algorithms and their error-correcting capability. However, the determination of this metric is difficult in general as pointed out by Charpin in  [1]  and remains an open problem in coding theory. For these codes, only a lower bound is known and the minimum distance is known only for some lengths and special cases  [2-3-4-5-6-7-8] . In this paper, our work will focused on finding the minimum distance of large BCH codes. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: The next section presents the main related works. The section 3 presents the proposed scheme ZSISMP. The section 4 presents the main results. The conclusion and possible future directions of this research are outlined in section 5. For this reason, many researchers have explored several ways to attack the difficulty of the minimum distance search problem for large BCH Codes. This section summarizes the most important ones. In  [9] , Augot, Charpin, and Sendrier presented an algebraic system constructed from Newton's identities. [15] . The artificial intelligence Simulated Annealing presented in  [16] , Tabu Search  [17] , Hill-Climbing  [18] , Genetic Algorithm  [18] [19] , Ant Colony Optimization  [20] , Metropolis Algorithm  [21] , was shown to be useful to attack the difficulty of the minimum distance search problem for BCH Codes. This improvement has yield to a fast convergence of the Simulated Annealing by reducing the number of iterations, as well as obtaining good results in comparison with the previous works presented in  [17-18-19-21] . Unlike classical techniques based on exhaustive or partial enumeration of codewords, Berrou in  [23]  has presented an efficient approach based on the notion of Error Impulse response of a Soft-In decoder. This approach consists in adding to all-zero codeword a level of noise and considering the minimum distance as the smallest level of noise from which the Soft-In decoder fails in correction. The proposed method MIM-RSC, has allowed an efficient local search and therefore finding the true minimum distance of some BCH codes of length 1023 and 2047 as well as obtaining good results in comparison with the previous works presented in  [17-18-19-20-21-22 ]. For finding the minimum distance of BCH codes. The proposed scheme works as follows: Inputs: formula_0 Step 1: Find the sub code SC fixed by σ Step 2: Find the estimated minimum distance d of SC by using the Zimmermann algorithm. This section presents a validation of the proposed method on BCH codes of known minimum distance and its application for finding the minimum distance of BCH codes of unknown minimum distance. This section presents also a comparison between the proposed scheme and previous work on minimum distance for BCH codes. All results have been done using a simple configuration machine: Intel (R) Core (TM) i3-4005U CPU @1.70GHz RAM 4GO and are made by running the considered algorithm in 1day for each code. It is well known that the smallest primitive narrow-sense BCH code whose minimum distance is greater than its designed distance is BCH (127, 43, 29) and it is the only one for this length. The both last result have been proved in  [9] , by using the Newton's identities. In order to validate the proposed method, it is applied on all BCH codes of known minimum distance presented in table 1. the obtained results show that the minimum weight found by the proposed method is equal to the true value of the minimum distance of all BCH codes of length up to 255. Therefore, the proposed method is validated for BCH codes of lengths up to 255. These results demonstrate that the proposed scheme outperform greatly the famous Zimmermann algorithm. The table 3 presents a comparison between the proposed scheme and MIM-RSC method  [24] . In order to find the minimum distance of some large BCH codes, the proposed scheme is applied by using a simple machine of the configuration given above. The obtained results are given in the table 4 so that d f represent the minimum distance found by our scheme. The experimental results show that the proposed scheme outperforms several known powerful techniques. In the perspectives, we will apply this powerful scheme to construct good large cyclic codes, and adapt this scheme for other linear codes.
paper_31	This paper takes chronic diseases as the research object, and proposes a design of intelligent medical system for chronic diseases based on semantic matching by the adaptation of ZigBee technology in the front-end data acquisition. Through the ZigBee wireless sensor network, this system sends the physiological parameters collected by various medical sensors to the intelligent medical system, and innovatively proposes semantic matching algorithm to solve the queuing problem of data transmission, to ensure the accuracy of data transmission. This system employs the improved spatial vector model to process the data uploaded, and uses AES encryption algorithm in the process of data transmission to ensure the security of data transmission. With the means of the Internet, with the carrier of the mobile terminal, intelligent medical treatment founded on the units of family is a new trend. Therefore, it is of great significance to develop an intelligent data analysis platform to record, store, and share and handle various personal health signs in time through wireless transmission. For example, the General Hospital of the People's Liberation Army (PLAGH) communicated and discussed some diseases with foreign experts through satellites. With the great progress of mobile communication technology, Internet and WSN technology with low power consumption, some scholars have applied wireless transmission technology to medical detection system. In the meantime, some other scholars use 4G and the Internet transmission technology to send physiological parameters to the medical system through the Internet or 4G network, so as to realize medical monitoring. With the emergence of various new telecommunication technology, scholars kept providing health care using all sorts of communication technology. During this stage, information technology was connected with medical health care more closely. Haji Bagheri Fard present methods based on deep learning algorithms to achieve high classification accuracy  [8] . As an alternative for aiding healthcare systems, sensors and wearable devices are used for monitoring patient physiological data to help guide health services or the self-care of patients  [9] . (3) The problems of unitary monitoring data. The current WITMED system focuses only on data acquisition instead of processing uploaded data and returning the result. The growing trend of WITMED system shows that a variety of health signs data will be monitored, transmitted, processed and analyzed in real time, the system can process the uploaded data. Attracted by the broad prospect of smart medicine, BAT and other Internet enterprises have participated in the smart medical industry. Alibaba founded Alibaba health  [15] ; Tencent launched the first AI+ medical product Tencent Meiying in 2017; many large enterprises integrated medical resources through mergers and acquisitions to lay out the intelligent medical industry chain. The system processes the received information according to the relevant algorithm, and then feeds back the corresponding results to the designated user. The process of reading and transmitting data is a loop. The data acquisition structure charts After receiving the relevant data, the data analysis platform needs to analyze the corresponding data and feedback the processed results to relevant users. Data analysis roadmap is shown as follows: After collecting patients' physiological information from the node, various physiological sensors will continuously upload them to the coordinator. The general technique route of the algorithm is as follows: Propose a comprehensive sorting algorithm, on the basis of semantic matching and a first-come-first-served principle. Suppose there are N pieces of information to be sent according to the messages' arriving order, divide each message into many words, and mark each word as Nm, , . First, match the Word segmentation information by queued delivery with the taglib of the analysis system. If there are X words appearing in the taglib and N-X words not appearing in it, the matching degree of the information is (N-X) / N * 100%. Finally, the request is inserted into the message queuing sequence by the matching degree. The general algorithm of this part is as follows: Define priority function: f x, y ax by ε, with a basic definition as follows: x: semantic matching degree, 0≤x≤1 y: a request arriving at the serial position, 0<y≤1 a is defined as the weight of semantic matching degree, 0<a<1 b is defined as the weight of serial position of Request arrives, 0<b<1, a+b=1 ε is defined as the disturbance value, 0≤ε≤0.1, with the default as 0. Generally, a is close to µ= 1 2 , formula_0 Therefore, the process of queuing algorithm based on Semantic matching is as follows: With the hypothesis that a= 1 2 (to take one half of the sum) x= 5 10 (there are 10 participles in semantic information, of which 5 are matched), y 1 (Before a new message arrives, assumes that the request queue has 10 participles waiting, then: f x, y y a x y ε =0.294, therefore, the priority value of the message is 0.294. The patients' vital signs data will be transferred into the data analysis system by the sensor, and then the data will be analyzed by the big data system, various signs data will be compared with the characteristic values of related diseases and the results will be returned. This research proposes an improved space vector model algorithm to ensure whether the patient has a related disease by the similarity between the physical signs and the disease on the basis of calculation of the sign value, continuous sign value and the disease characteristic value. An improved SVM calculation method is as follows: Definition 1 (conception): Define a tuple F= (X, Y, Z), in which x is the collection of all objects is the object property set, Z (X*Y), Z is a subset of X*Y. Definition 3: The concept similarity is calculated as:  formula_1 The column mixed operation formula is shown as  Figure 6 : (4) key plus calculation Key plus calculation operates the 128 bit key is XOR bit by bit with the data in the state matrix. The process of key plus calculation can be regarded as the result of Bitwise XOR or byte level or bit level operation. In this study, a design scheme of intelligent medical system based on semantic matching is proposed, with the front-end data acquisition which adopts ZigBee technology, and a semantic matching algorithm is innovatively proposed to solve the queuing problem of data transmission to ensure the accuracy of data transmission. Through ZigBee wireless sensor network, the system sends the physical parameters collected by various medical sensors to the information control terminal, and the improved spatial vector model is employed to process the uploaded data in the process of data transmission by the intelligent data analysis platform, and the security of data transmission is ensured by adopting the AES encryption algorithm in the whole process. The intelligent system realizes data acquisition, data encryption and processing, and big data analysis. The system can gather and process big health data of chronic patients, and realizes the discovery, tracking and treatment of chronic diseases. The semantic matching algorithm and the space vector model algorithm proposed by the system can be widely used in the data acquisition of clinical big data to provide theoretical and technical support for artificial intelligence to assist disease risk prediction. The intelligent system realizes the data collection of the whole process of outpatient service, examination and treatment, which can provide data support for the precise treatment of diseases.
paper_38	The study aimed to determine if any of the entry requirements such as Ordinary Level (OL) results, Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) scores or Post-UTME (PUTME) scores could predict an outstanding academic performance of first-year undergraduate students admitted into the Faculty of Science in the Kaduna State University, Kaduna. A purposive sample of nine hundred and forty-three (943) first-year students constituted the population for the study were drawn from Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics undergraduate degree programmes from the Faculty of Science of the university who were admitted from the 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 academic sessions. The instruments for data collection were OL, UTME and first-year Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) results, which were coded and analysed with the aid of Computational Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). Pearson Product Moment Correlation (PPMC) Coefficient and Multinomial Logistics Regression (MLR) were the statistics used to answer the four research questions used. Each student is expected to have at least five credit passes in not more than two sittings in Mathematics, English Language and three other science-based subjects such as Chemistry, Biology, Physics and Geography at the Ordinary Sa'adatu Abdulkadir and Francisca Nonyelum Ogwueleka: Predicting Students' First-Year Academic Performance Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria Levels (OL) of either Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) which is conducted by West Africa Examination Council (WAEC) and National Examination Council (NECO). The CGPA score takes into consideration students' tests, assignments, practicals, examinations and sometimes lecture attendance. The focus of this study is to predict full-time undergraduate students' first-year Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA), which is one of the variables for measuring the academic performance by using entry requirements, such as Ordinary Levels and UTME, for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University (KASU), Kaduna -Nigeria. The rest of this paper is organised as follows: section 2 is the review of related literature, section 3 presents the methodology, section 4 discusses the results obtained, and the last section presents the conclusion and recommendation. This study aims to investigate the relationship between the entry requirements into any of the Faculty of Science undergraduate full-time degree programmes in the Kaduna State University and the students' academic performance at the end of the first year of study. Determine if any of the following entry qualification used for admission, OL results only, UTME scores only or Post-UTME scores (average of OL results and UTME scores) best predict the academic performance of students in the 100 level CGPA examinations; ii. Investigate the relationship between the students' performance of their entry qualification and the academic performance in the 100 level CGPA examinations. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores (average of OL results & UTME scores) of students and their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students and their first-year CGPA across each academic session, from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA across each academic session, from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? Several studies have criticised the use of UTME and PUTME as an imperfect instrument for predicting academic performance of students. The authors in  [8]  comparatively analysed the academic performance of graduates admitted through UTME and preliminary programmes (Certificate, Basic Studies and School of Science Laboratory Technology [SSLT]) in the University of Port Harcourt. The records of students who graduated in the 2009/2010 and 2010/2011 academic sessions from seven faculties were obtained using the stratified random sampling technique. Their results revealed that the correlations coefficient between PUTME and CGPA for the four departments were negative/low, positive/low and positive/moderate coefficients. In contrast to the studies from the earlier mentioned authors,  [15]  investigated the relationship between 276 students' performance in the entrance examination and their performance in Mathematics in two selected Colleges of Education (CoE) in Osun and Oyo states each. This section discussed in detail the methodology employed such as research design, sample of study, instruments used, the procedure for the collection of data and data analysis. This study adopted the descriptive, also known as ex-post facto, research design that is defined by  [17]  as "a methodological approach for eliciting possible or probable antecedents of events that have occurred already and which cannot be subjected to the direct, rigorous manipulation and control". He explained that there are two types of ex-post facto research designs namely the correlational and the casual comparative. The design adopted in the study is the correlational ex-post facto, which is used to measure the degree of association between two or more variables or sets of scores. The correlational design is also sub-divided into explanatory and predictive research designs. The Predictive Correlational Ex-Post Facto design was identified to be the most appropriate for the study since the results (CGPA, UTME and OL) of students in the Faculty of Science were used in reaching conclusions about the whole prediction of academic performance. The instrument used to derive the data for this study were: the JAMB UTME scores from 2010 to 2014 and OL grades in the five relevant subjects which were the pre-admission criteria and first-year CGPA results obtained from the semester examinations from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 academic sessions. The UTME was wholly multiple-choice objective questions conducted via Computer-Based Tests (CBTs) by JAMB. The data used in the study are the OL grades, and JAMB UTME scores obtained from the University's central database, and the academic standing of first-year CGPA results collected from the various departmental examination officers (DEOs) with the approval from the Dean of the Faculty of Science. However, the OL results obtained from the database was for students admitted during 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 academic sessions. The total score for five relevant subjects in OL is then computed and coded together with the UTME and PUTME scores which are as shown in  Table 3 . Since the focus of the study is to determine the predictive validity of OL results and CGPA scores (OL-CGPA), UTME and CGPA scores (UTME-CGPA), and PUTME and CGPA scores (PUTME-CGPA), the statistics employed on the extracted data were Multinominal Logistic Regression (MLR) and Pearson Product Moment Correlation (PPMC) coefficient. MLR often called 'multinomial regression', is used to "predict categorical placement in or the probability of category membership on a dependent (criterion) variable based on multiple independent (predictor) variables"  [20] . The results of the data analysis are presented in tables according to the research questions that guided the study in this section. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores (average of OL results & UTME scores) of students and their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? The Pearson Correlation analysis was carried out to find out if there exists a strong positive correlation between OL and CGPA, UTME and CGPA and PUTME and CGPA. For the Computer Science programme, as shown in  Table 5 , the correlation coefficient indicated a low negative correlation in UTME-CGPA (-0.092) and PUTME-CGPA (-0.001) and a low positive correlation for OL-CGPA (0.072). Similarly, there exists a low negative correlation in UTME-CGPA (-0.082) and PUTME-CGPA (-0.038) and a low positive relationship in OL-CGPA (0.089) for the Mathematics programme. How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? Table 6  is the likelihood ratio test results for the Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics degree programmes. In  Table 6 , the likelihood ratio Chi-Square of 18.723, 17.661 and 12.401 for Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics programmes with a significant value of 0.227, 0.281 and 0.414 tells us that the model as a whole does not predict the dependent variable, i.e., CGPA. Table 7  shows the results of the Parameter estimates, which is also called coefficients, for the Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) for each degree programme. A Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) was performed to model the relationship between the predictors and membership in the six groups, i.e., CGPA categories (Fail, Pass, 3 rd Class, 2 nd Class Lower, 2 nd Class Upper and 1 st Class) for each degree programme. Among the classification of degrees, each of the five subgroups for each programme, that is Pass, 3 rd Class, 2 nd Class Lower, 2 nd Class Upper and 1 st Class, are contrasted with the baseline group of 'fail' degree. These showed that the relative strengths of their OL result performance on the CGPA categories of 'Pass', '3 rd Class', '2 nd Class Lower', '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' are higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail'. Finally, the slope (B) of PUTME in all the CGPA categories is negative, which shows that the relative strength of those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' is higher than the other categories. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students and their firstyear CGPA across the academic session, 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? The summary of  Table 8  shows the correlations of OL and CGPA scores, UTME and CGPA scores and PUTME and CGPA scores for all the programmes used for the analysis. In 2011/2012, OL-CGPA (-0.114) and PUTME-CGPA (-0.043) display low negative correlation while UTME-CGPA (0.114) has low positive correlation. In 2012/2013, UTME-CGPA (-0.363) and PUTME-CGPA (-0.123) have low negative relationship whereas OL-CGPA (0.111) has a low positive relationship. The OL-CGPA (-0.071), UTME-CGPA (-0.090), and PUTME-CGPA (-0.040) in the 2014/2015 session signifies a low negative correlation. How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME Sa'adatu Abdulkadir and Francisca Nonyelum Ogwueleka: Predicting Students' First-Year Academic Performance Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria scores of students predict their first-year CGPA across the academic session, 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? As shown in the Likelihood Ratio Test results in  Table 9 , the likelihood ratio Chi-Square of 37.446, 19.938, 46.141, 14.349 and 11.167 for 2010/2011, 2011/2012, 2012/2013, 2013/2014 and 2014/2015 academic sessions which has the following as significant values of 0.001, 0.174,.000, 0.499 and 0.741 tells us that the model for students admitted during the 2010/2011 and 2012/2013 academic sessions predicts the CGPA, which is the dependent variable while the other academic sessions does not. For all the academic sessions as shown on the results, the first equation intercept is the log of the ratio of the possibility of a student having a 'Pass' degree to the possibility of that student having a 'fail' degree. Among the classification of degrees, each of the CGPA categories is contrasted with the baseline group of 'Fail' degree. These show that the relative strengths of their OL result performance on the CGPA categories of 'Pass', '3 rd Class', '2 nd Class Lower', '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' are higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail'. As for the students admitted in the other sessions, 2011/2012 to 2014/2015, the relative strength of OL, UTME and PUTME on CGPA performance are statistically insignificant except for the slope (B) of UTME in the CGPA category of '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' for those admitted in the 2012/2013 academic session, which is statistically significant. The primary purpose of this study is to investigate if OL results, UTME and PUTME scores do predict the academic performance among first-year undergraduate students in the Faculty of Science. Based on the analysis and results using MLR and PPMC for each programme and each academic session, it is evident that OL, UTME or PUTME could not individually significantly predict the academic performance of students in Faculty of Science. However, by combining all the criterion variables, that is OL, UTME, and PUTME, as one variable and performing the PPMC and MLR, findings show that OL is a good predictor on the dependent variable for academic performance with a weak correlation of 0.068 which is statistically significant at 0.04 level. Although OL and UTME are still necessary as instruments for admission, it is recommended that the University be advised to include some other instruments such as senior secondary school mock examinations results for selecting candidates into any of the undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science. Also, there is a need to do a further study by including some more variables, such as age and senior secondary school mock examinations results, as criteria to significantly predict the academic performance of students successfully.
paper_57	Crossover and mutation operations have been adapted for use with ant generated strings which still have to provide feasible solutions. Genetic operations decrease selection pressure and increase probability of finding the global optimum. On their way back they use the same way from which abundant loops has been removed, but the amount of pheromone (1) ∆τ k ij (t) they produced is inversely proportional to the tour length L k (t). The mechanism for prevention of quick convergence (i) is based on pseudo-random proportional rule  [3] , but the tunable parameter q 0 is dependent on algorithm iteration  (6)   where NC is the current iteration and N max is the termination iteration. 1 . For feasibility reason the replacement node n r (new gene) is such a node from the node n i neighborhood N i , to which an arc from n i predecessor n p to n i successor n s exists  (Fig. 2) . If more such nodes occur, random selection is applied. 3 ). If more of such nodes exist, random selection is applied. It is applied on random selected tour T k (t) in random selected node. If more candidates by which the selected node can be replaced occur, the new node is random chosen from the candidates. Since genetic operations may produce strings with loops, in ACO framework prior and immediately after each genetic operation a loop removal procedure is performed. Feasibility of genetic operations depends on the graph and generated tours. For this purpose ACO GO algorithm has embedded user feedback which represents a ratio between accomplished and required genetic operations. 4) . Node coordinates x,y fall in range <0,1> and arc's values c ij represent the arc lengths. Variable parameters were set to determine the influence of the genetic operations quantity on algorithm performance and effect of distribution of mutation operations between paths. 5 -7) . Results received without crossover operation have higher values along with the Mutation paths axis  (Fig. 5 ). However, results received with two crossover pairs have higher values along with the Mutations per path axis  (Fig. 7) . I.e. with no crossover pair certain amount of mutation operations should be spread out among more paths, but with 2 crossover pairs concentration of mutation operation on less paths tends to perform better. This behavior may be caused by the execution order of the GO: crossover is applied after mutation, thus crossover may re-distribute mutation substrings between more paths. Beyond 60% threshold ants foraging behavior is suppressed by crossover overload. 9 ). This can be explained by the nature of the mutation operation which creates new paths whilst crossover operation can only combine already existing solutions. Without crossover operation distributed mutation operation has better performance, but with two crossover pairs concentrated mutation operation on less paths tends to perform better. The impact of the GO execution order on the mutation operation distribution needs to be verified. Further research and more experiments are needed to determine the distribution and optimal amount of mutation operation with respect to the number of ants and length of the paths.
paper_78	Glycyrrhiza uralensis is an endangered medicinal plant species and mainly distributed in North China. A hundred plots were classified into 12 vegetation formations by fuzzy C-means clustering. These formations were main communities dominated by Glycyrrhiza uralensis in North China. Each formation has its own composition, structure, distribution range and environment, and all of them should be protected effectively. The results suggest that fuzzy C-means clustering is an useful technique for classification of plant community. Fuzzy C-means clustering is the only soft method in the clustering family and should have some advantages  [5] . Ecological communities, such as Glycyrrhiza uralensis communities, have great variations in their species composition respond more or less independently to environmental variables. Because of this, methods based on fuzzy mathematics might be more appropriate in ecological analysis  [6, 7] . Medicinal plant is important natural resource and significant for people health in many countries and regions, such as China, Japan, Korea, India and so forth  [8, 9] . Licorice (Glycyrrhiza uralensis) is one of the most popular Chinese herbal medicines and a significant resource plant species. Beside medicine, it is also widely used in food, tobacco, chemical industries  [10, 11] . Further more, conservation of medicinal plant species is important in term of biodiversity conservation  [11, 14] . This study aims to identify Glycyrrhiza uralensis communities and analyze their characteristics on composition, structure and environment in North China. Given a finite set of data matrix (species × plots), the method calculates a list of C cluster centres  formula_1 formula_2 Where i = 1, 2, …, N = the number of plots; j = 1, 2, …, C = the number of clusters; U = {U ij } = the matrix of membership values, U ij is the membership of plot i in cluster j; V is a matrix of cluster centers; m is fuzzifier which determines the level of cluster fuzziness (1 ≤ m < ∞). A large m results in smaller memberships u ij and hence, fuzzier clusters. In the absence of experimentation or domain knowledge, m is commonly set to 2. (2) Determining the number of clusters C according to ecological meanings. (3) Assigning the primary membership values, U 0 . formula_5 formula_7 Based on the new membership values U, we go back to the fourth step and calculated the next turn V j , (dA ij )  2  and U ij iteratively, and until the membership values become approximately stable. 7 Classified plots into clusters based on the final U. We can use U to identify the relationships among plots and communities directly. Twenty plots of 5 m × 5 m were established randomly at each site which is over 40 ha in area. Elevation, slope and aspect for each plot were also measured and recorded. The elevation was measured by a GPS, slope and aspect measured by a compass meter. The importance value was calculated by the formulas  [7] :  formula_8 Based on the investigation, we determined C equal to twelve. Fuzzy C-means clustering is a nonhierarchical method which provides C clusters and their plot compositions  (Table  1) . The name and characteristics in species composition, structure and environment of each community are described below. Form. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. VI. Form. It is distributed from 300 to 500 m in hills with slope 20 -30° in sunny，semi-sunny and semi-shady slope and sandy chestnut soil. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 35% with a density of 5700 ha -1 . VII. It is distributed from 300 to 500 m in hills with slope 20 -30° in sunny， semi-sunny and semi-shady slope and sandy chestnut soil. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 15% and an herb layer cover of 60%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 40% with a density of 59500 ha -1 . It is distributed from 280 to 500 m in hills with slope 15 -25° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. The common species are Salicornia Bigelivii, Carex duriuscula, Stipa sareptana, Artemisias phaerocephala, Alopecurus pratensis, Saposhnikovia divariicata, and Carex pediformis. IX. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Carex pediformis +Stipa sareptana. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. The common species are Cleistogenes squarrosa, Caragana pygmaea, Hordeum brevisublatum, Ephedra sinica, Achnatherum sibiricum, Artemisia frigida, Viola tianschanica, Carex duriuscula, and Alopecurus pratensis. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Astragalinae triloa + Stipa sareptana. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. It is distributed from 400 to 750 m in hills with slope 15 -35° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 15% and an herb layer cover of 65%. XII. Fuzzy C-means clustering successfully classified 100 plots into 12 communities dominated by Glycyrrhiza uralensis. Theoretically, fuzzy C-means clustering is the only one soft clustering method and can deal with much imprecise and incomplete information and has advantages in solving non-linear problems and in studying complex system  [2, 17] . Vegetation systems are very complex with interactions of species, communities, environmental variables, and so on  [18] . Therefore, fuzzy C-means clustering should describe ecological phenomena and rules better  [5, 6] . Glycyrrhiza uralensis communities recognizing by fuzzy C-means clustering varied greatly in species composition, structure and distribution area  [20] . These further confirm that fuzzy C-means clustering is an effective technique in vegetation analysis  [28, 29] .
paper_96	With the rapid development of China's transportation, the frequency of traffic accidents is also high. This not only restricted the development of China's transportation greatly, but also threatened to people's safety seriously. In particular, the accidents caused by the blind due to there are more frequent reproduction, so their traffic safety has become a big issue to solve urgently. Such warning system of obstacle avoidance of embedded electronic guide dog can effectively eliminate the impact of the traffic environment and the subjective factors of the blind, warning in advance for the travelling blind in time, effectively avoiding obstacles such as vehicles, to reduce traffic accidents caused by the their blindness. This humane technology innovation is the specific embodiment of environmental science and technology aesthetic theory in the field of scientific and technological innovation. It has a positive and promoting role to the development of transportation and blind-man welfare in China. I think that if electronic guide dogs guide them to avoid obstacles such as vehicles, the blind people are able to avoid such accidents, aren't they? The design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog is an inheritance and innovation, based on the design of traffic information collecting system, which is generally used in vehicle anti-collision at present. Its operating system is thought from the perspectives of practical application, development tool, instantaneity, technical services, and price, etc. Moreover, the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also selects USB protocol to transfer data, saving the collected data in the hardware after being managed. The overall design plan of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog mainly is the velocity and distance measurement module, the power circuit module, the LED screen show module, USBcommunication circuit module, and clock circuit module. The techniques of information collection are ultrasonic wave, laser, infrared ray, machine vision and interactive method. Information processing is mainly to analyze the collected information, usually using ARM, MCU and DSP microprocessor, etc. Therefore, in the design process of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog, after the comprehensive and comparative analysis of the anti-collision warning techniques, we have compared the optimization principles of the anti-collision warning techniques, and finally adopt the approach of millimeter wave radar sensor + ARM microprocessor. The design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also adopts the generally used embedded processor. The embedded system will further compile all of its procedure codes, including the operating system code, driver's code and application code, into a whole paragraph of executable code and in inserted them into the hardware. Besides, its other main features are universal Linux API, core file less than 512KB, core+file system less than 900KB, and complete TCP/IP. In addition, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also makes a full use of USB. USB is a new kind of computer peripheral communication interface standard, which abandons the defects of the traditional computer series/parallel, with advantages of the reliability of data transmission, hot plug (plug and play), convenient extension, and low cost. The warning system of embedded electronic guide dog avoiding obstacles studied in the project can effectively eliminate the influence of traffic environment and blind subjective factors, send the pre-trip alarm for the blind in time, effectively avoid obstacles such vehicles, to reduce traffic accidents caused due to the blindness. This humanized technology innovation is the embodiment of environmental science and technology aesthetics theory in the field of science and technology innovation practice. This has not only a positive role in promoting the development of Chinese transport and the blind welfare, but also important practical significance and practical value for us to build a harmonious society and a beautiful China.
paper_134	Data mining, also referred to as knowledge extraction from databases, is one of the most important analytical methods for identifying the relationships between the various elements of the information collected in order to discover the useful knowledge and support of strategic decision-making and sustainable development systems in various industries. The most jobbery ways during olive oil production consist of mixing other oils such as maize, sunflower, Canola and corn into the olive oil. A set of 16 samples of olive oil, sunflower, canola and corn oil which mixed with different ratio of Authentication, were used for calibration and evaluation of developed system. New information and communication technologies, as well as decision support technologies, can be very effective in providing timely, accurate, and relevant information to users by collecting, storing, evaluating, interpreting, analyzing, retrieving and disseminating information to specific users  [1] . Data mining simultaneously utilizes several disciplines such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, neural networks, statistics, pattern recognition, and science-based systems. Detecting the purity of different materials can be done in a variety of ways  [3] . These methods are very damaging, costly and time-consuming. Nowadays, many non-destructive methods have been investigated, which have the ability to identify various components of the quality and purity of a substance at a widespread level. Among the non-destructive methods, the dielectric method has advantages due to the relationship between the steady-state dielectric with some qualitative materials, the cost less than other methods, high speed and high efficiency in the construction of systems Different recognition of quality has attracted the attention of many researchers  [5] . If the two metal plates are placed opposite and insulated, they form a capacitor. Typically, the conductor plates of the capacitor are made of aluminum, zinc and silver, and among them, a dielectric can be placed in the air or other material. The association of these properties with many quantitative and qualitative components of the product, high speed, low cost and high efficiency of its use as a new and non-destructive technology has been considered by many researchers to measure a wide range of qualitative and quantitative characteristics of agricultural products  [8] . One of the main reasons for this low consumption is the high price of this oil. When in a country where milk is eaten up by 30 percent as a result of a rise in the price of a few hundred tons, what else would you expect from a 60 to 80 thousand Riels per liter consumption of lubricants  [9] ? This high price, in addition to having an impact on consumption, has been motivated to enter the market for profits. This high price, in addition to having an impact on consumption, has been motivated to enter the market for profits  [10] . Knowing the original oil is also not an easy task that anyone can handle. Lizhi et al. (2010) conducted a research on olive oil for detecting adulteration using a dielectric spectrum. They also used the partial least squares model (PLS) to detect oil falsification. From the result of this study it can be seen that the dielectric spectrum can be used to detect fake oils with different types of oils with a percentage of their mixture below 5%  [12] . The relationship between the rates of fruit dielectric constant in a frequency of 1 kHz to 10 MHz was investigated. The results of the experiment showed that the dielectric constant is strongly affected by the size and volume of the fruit and also decreases with the increase in the fruit juice, which is clearer in a frequency of 1 MHz. The results of the prediction were satisfactory and the correlation coefficient between the actual yield and the expected value of the fruit was 0.85  [13] . Using this parameter and egg mass, they extracted regression models and reported that the application of this method to the egg production line and its grading based on quality properties requires more research  [14] . Soltani et al. (2015) reported a research about egg grading using image and sensor processing. The correlation coefficients and the mean square error of the statistical indexes were 0.98 and 0.0006, respectively. According to the researches that carried out in relation to the determination of the quality and content of agricultural products and food industries, it can be concluded that different methods have been developed to counteract the adulteration in these products. In this article the experiment was done by olive, sunflower, Canola and corn oil. Then different classification algorithms by MATLAB software and various techniques such as support vector regression were done and finally output dates were processed. Samples of olive oil provided from Khorramshahr Oil Company and produced at Rudbar oil plant located in Manjil. The samples were blended with sunflower canola and corn oil, and they made up a total of 9 classes with varying percentages (from 60 to 100% in 5% increments), each of which was shed separately, according to the desired amount, of 100 centimeters inside the sensor. The device used consists of the Arduino board, ICL8083 and AD8302. The Arduino board is used on the Uno device, which uses the Atmega2560 microcontroller. The microcontroller is an electronic application chip that can increase the speed and efficiency of the circuit versus reducing the volume and cost of the circuit. Arduino has a variety of ports, controls, side panels, and screen connectivity, while it may be smaller, less expensive, and possibly faster than a microcomputer system. The AD8302 chipset has been used to measure the domain and fuzzy detection, as well as to measure the dielectric parameters. The AD8302 phase detection chip provides a simple method for measuring the input ratio of the domain and the phase difference of the two signals simultaneously (22). (Figure 1 .) One of the new ideas in identifying and categorizing patterns is a backup vector machine or SVM. Backup machines have very valuable properties that make it suitable for pattern recognition. In particular, SVM does not have the problem of local optimization in its training, it builds the categorizer with maximum generalization, determines its structure and topology optimally, and functions nonlinear differentiation easily with low computing using It forms the concept of an inner product in the Hilbert space. In this study, coarse function was used to regression test data. Figure 4  shows response diagrams for adulterated samples of olive-sunflower, olive-canola, olive-corn. Using this technique, the amount of RMSE for the samples were equal to 3.56, 2.45, 3.05 and the amount R 2 was equal to 0.92, 96 and 94, respectively. Also, in regard to the amount of RMSE, result has shown 4.81, 2.54, and 4.38 for Olive-Sunflower, Olive-Canola and Olive-corn, respectively. After providing adulterated samples and pouring them into a capacitive sensor, output data was analyzed by MATLAB software. In this article two factors (gain voltage and phase shift voltage) were measured. It is noticed that The AD8302 measures the magnitude ratio, defined here as gain, and phase difference between two signals. In this study, Quadratic function was used to regression test data. Comparison of the testing stage of these techniques showed coarse tree was the best prediction. As regards, the accuracy of the methods are close together, this can be concluded that all selected techniques, presented here, have a good potential to be used to determine olive oil fraud. As regards, the accuracy of the methods are close together, this can be concluded that all selected techniques, presented here, have a good potential to be used to determine olive oil fraud.
paper_139	Much effort made towards in investigates mechanism with identical detection algorithms, still the retrieved web documents with outmodedlink. In this proposed system, we are successfully identifying and minimize the redundant information and like link in web documents. Retrieving relevant information from web without redundancy is more challenge task nowadays where in web mining communities  [3, 4] . Utilizing customary data recovery  [5]  and information mining systems it get to the known and obscure data from the Web content. A query is searched in a web search tool to recover some significant and required data for the client, either the search query is known or unintelligible to the client, it generally to reply with relevant data rather than redundant, however we can't guarantee that the reply for the query about the significance and redundancy. Once the input query is requested, the search engine generate the document with multiple web pages along with the links, the user will be unaware about the content of the web pages, the extracted web documents contain multiple web pages either be redundant or not. The Document retrieved must follow some constraints which have less time & space requirements, based upon the criteria the extracted web document must be preprocessed, for preprocessing & information selection, need to apply some techniques such as stop word removal, Stemming of word, phrasing, normalization of tokens. Step2: Pick the minimum degree vertex 'v' in the set-up and include in the set U. Step3:While U doesn't include all vertices Step3A: Include the entire isolated vertex which is adjacent to the vertex 'v' to U. Step3B: Find the adjacent vertex 'u' to 'v' which is not in U and has maximumdegree. Update 'u' to U. Step3C: Update the value of degree for all adjacent vertices of 'u'. Apply the proposed KTMIN-JAK-MAXAM ALGORITHMto G 1 By step 1: deg(All Nodes of G 1 ) = 3 By step 2: Mark the node A as visited and put it onto the set U. By step 3: There is no isolated vertex in the given graph G 1 By step 4: 4.1 Investigate any unvisited adjacent node from A. 4.3 Now travel around the node 2, the unvisited adjacent node is from 2 as 1 and 4. 4.4 Discover the node 1, the unvisited adjacent node is from 1 as only 3. Now the set U consists of the nodes A, B, 2, 1, 3. Case II: Connected Complete Network G 4 in figure 8  Here notice that, all complete connected networks G, after applying the proposed KTMIN-JAK-MAXAM ALGORITHM to G, we get linear path of length (n-1). While getting more redundant web pages for a single search query, it's more difficult to recognize the redundant links.
paper_145	Overweight and obesity were more among urban residents compared to rural residents and they were thirty two percent more exposed to overweight and obesity. According to factor weights it was noted that the important factors for variation in the level of obesity were mainly gender variation followed by occupation, education and type of work. The prevalence of overweight and obesity has increased rapidly over the last decades especially in developed countries  [1] [2] [3] . Obesity is generally associated to a significantly higher risk of arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus (DM), hepatic steatosis, hyperdyslipidemia and renal failure  [5, 6] . The aim of this paper was to identify the socioeconomic factors responsible for obesity and overweight among some rural and urban people of Bangladesh. The important factors for obesity and overweight were identified by factor analysis, where largest factor weight indicated the most important variables  [14, 15]  responsible for obesity. The study was based on data collected from both urban and rural people of Bangladesh. To study the variability of socioeconomic variables for diabetic and nondiabetic people, some respondents were also investigated as a control group. Thus, finally, the analysis was performed using the data of 635 diabetic patients and 265 non-diabetic people. The data were collected through a pre-designed and pretested questionnaire during the months of May and June, 2015 by some undergraduate and post graduate students of American International University-Bangladesh, most of whom were doctors and nurses, of the department of Public Health and they were associated with public health services. Data have also been collected from parents/guardians of 200 randomly selected students of different disciplines of the university, on the assumption that the respondents would be of normal group of people. But during investigation some of them were found as diabetic patients. However, from the filled-in questionnaires 356 were found in completed form and the information of these 356 respondents were included in the analysis. The latter information were provided by the diabetic patients. The information regarding blood sugar level and blood pressure level were also noted down according to the latest measurement by doctors/diagnostic centers. The variables included for factor analysis were residence of the respondents, their age, gender, marital status, religion, level of education, occupation, type of work, monthly income and smoking habit. Besides the factor analysis, the association of different socioeconomic variables with level of obesity were investigated. Significant association was decided by chi-square test with p-value< 0.05 and odd ratio was calculated for respondents who were overweight and obese compared to normal group. It was observed from the analysis that among 900 respondents 7.6 percent were underweight [  Table 1 ] and 19.1 percent of them were from rural area. Maximum (43.1) of the respondents were overweight and 20.9 percent of them were rural people. Obesity was observed among 15.3 percent people and overweight respondents were 34.0 percent. In each level of obesity the majority were from urban area. However, urban people were more exposed to overweight and obesity by thirty two percent compared to rural people [O. R.= 1.32]. They were in more risk of overweight and obesity by 51 percent compared to males [O. R.= 1.51] Obesity and severe obesity were observed almost similar among Muslims and Non-Muslims [  Table 3 ]. But the O. R.= 1.07 indicated that both the religious groups were similarly exposed to overweight and obesity. Among the investigated respondents 92.6 percent were currently married and 43.1 percent of them were normal  [Table  4 ]. Similar normal group was noted among the other group of respondents. Majority (52.9%) of the respondents were of age 50 years and above and 48.5 percent of them were normal [  Table 5 ]. The percentages of normal groups among the respondents of ages 25 -40 and 40 -50 were 35.5 and 36.6, respectively. Levels of obesity was significantly associated with levels of ages [P (χ2 ≥ 18.34) = 0.008]. But if classification of respondents was done into two groups, one group of ages <40 years and another group of ages 40 years and above, both the groups were almost similarly exposed to overweight and obesity [O. R.= 0.81]. The proportions of different levels of obesity according to professional variations were significant [P (χ2 ≥ 46.472) = 0.000]. But, all other professional groups of respondents had the similar risk of obesity compared to servicemen [O. R. = 1.04]. Significant association was noted between the level of obesity and the level of income [P(χ2 ≥ 64.994) = 0.00]. But overweight and obese respondents were 62 percent more exposed to diabetes compared to other groups of respondents [O. R.=1.62] In one study  [20] , it was reported that smoking was one of the factor to increase the level of obesity. The association between smoking habit and level of obesity was significant [P(χ2 ≥ 20.189) = 0.0.002]. The association between smoking habit and level of obesity was significant [P(χ2 ≥ 20.189) = 0.0.002] and smokers were 21 percent more exposed to overweight and obesity compared to non-smokers [O. R. = 1.21]. The analysis helps to identify the important variables to explain the variation in the data set  [15, 21] . The variables which were included in the analysis were sufficient to explain the variation as KMO = 0.633, χ2 = 256.371, p-value = 0.000. From the analytical results it was seen that all the p-values were less than 0.05 which indicated that the inclusion of variables for factor analysis were justified. From the results of the communality it could be concluded that the variable marital status was more important followed by gender and education. From the results of the communality of the variables it could be concluded that 85.6 percent variation of the variable marital status would be explained by the extracted factors  [22] . These three variables were more important for the variation in the level of obesity. From the factor analysis it was noted that the coefficients of the variables gender was highest followed by occupation, education and type of work. These coefficients were observed from the first component. This information were noted from the characteristic roots of the correlation matrix of the variables, where the roots were 2.573, 1.616, 1.086, 1.053, and 1.003. The second component showed that the most important variables to explain the variation in the data of obesity were residence followed by religion and income. The analysis presented here was done from the data collected from 635 diabetic patients and 265 control group of respondents. The prevalence of overweight and obesity were significantly associated with age, religion, education, occupation, marital status, income and smoking habit. Factor analysis also indicated that some of the socioeconomic variables were responsible for increased rates of overweight and obesity. The percentages of these four groups of respondents were 7.6, 43.1.34.0 and 15.3, respectively. The obesity is one of the risk factor of prevalence of non-communicable diseases  [NCD]  and it enhances the arterial hypertension, diabetes renal failure etc. Among the respondents 84.1 percent were of the age 40 years and above and among them 42.8 percent were overweight and obese. The factor analysis showed that sex, occupation, education and type of work were more important to explain the variation in the level of obesity.
paper_212	Mathematical modeling of disease has been an indispensable tool in accounting for disease transmission dynamics as well as disease spread. The models developed however faced considerable challenges ranging from inaccurate representation of natural data for deterministic models, to methods of forecasting such as statistical extrapolation which assumes that current conditions will prevail which is not always the case. The purpose of this paper is to build on the concept of Gillespie's Algorithm based SIR models by developing a stochastic SIR model to simulate disease evolution in the population setting. We conclude that the simulated model reflects reality. On June 5, 1981 a mysterious disease was recognized among MSM in the USA. In 1982 the CDC identified the same disease among IVDU, hemophiliacs and Haitian residents. In the same year, it was identified that it attacks the immune system of the host, incapacitating them to heal subsequently leading to death. It was characterized by its etiological agent HIV in 1983,  [1] . A serological test, was then made available. This virus, being highly transmittable is analyzed and capturing how it is transmitted is crucial in attempting to model the disease. HIV is transferred from one individual in three modes: through blood, sexual intercourse and mother-tochild. In 1984, several HIV and AIDS cases were documented in Kenya. The following year, 26 new cases of HIV were recorded from sex workers and the NAC was established. 170 of 1999. Among the expectant women there are 13,000 new HIV infections among children. The number of those that died account for 7% of the global total. These questions are encompassed in the modeling of the HIV immunology, the HIV dynamics as well as the AIDS dynamics such as the dynamic distribution of the disease in the population and its likely magnitude. The following reviews consider models developed for HIV/AIDS data that either differed too greatly with other model estimates or still fail even with developments on the model. In this model, there were no forms of intervention. The transmission parameter was held constant for all stages of HIV. The formulated model was used to forecast the number of PLWHA. This model approximated that there would be 6000000 cases of HIV and 400000 cases of AIDS in China if there were no forms of interventions implemented. In 2007 the government of China alongside UNAIDS made an estimate of 700000 cases of HIV and 85000 cases of AIDS in China at the time, which is much lower that the estimates made by Liu  [4] . The number of HIV infections in 2010 was predicted to approximately 1000000. The group most affected would be the 31-40 years group. The group comprising of the largest individuals predicted to be living with HIV/AIDS was approximately 650000. In several concentrated epidemics, HIV prevalence estimates do not match reported cases and mortality estimates do not match reported deaths, even after adjusting. Even with the 2013 updates of Spectrum where adjustments were made in the parameter values empirically to improve the fit to program data, the estimates given by Spectrum still differed with data available. The parameter depended on the varying population size N. This meant that both the population size varied as well as the transmission/contact rate. They used the Milstein method to simulate for analysis. Despite the fact that a lot of research has been done on modeling disease trajectory, not much literature is available on the use of Gillespie based SIR models to simulate the trajectory of a disease in the population. This makes it a prime candidate for the tau step vantage point. In their works they build a disease spread prediction model based on the SIR model and applied parameter values to a stochastic model based on Gillespie's algorithm. This is applied to data and the conclusion was that the model well explains the process of the spread of the disease in the population  [10] . Infection-transmission deterministic models are based on the characteristics of population growth, disease occurrence, and spread within a population. This paper will contribute and build on to the existing literature on modeling disease dynamics in the population with the model tested on HIV/AIDS data 1985-2018 to investigate if the simulated values would reflect results that are close to reality. The transmission and infection rates were considered to be variant. The initial conditions changed over time and demographics not being included such that change over time was described as; (1) formula_0 The Kermack-McKendrick theory was later developed to a version where they tackled the problem of endemics  [14] ,  [15] . They set the transmission and infection rates as invariant for all ages and this allowed the inclusion of an infectives class. denotes the birth rate and death rate denotes the infection rate denotes the recovery rate t denotes time point Model development The Gillespie algorithm was used to simulate a statistically correct trajectory given initial SIR conditions. The model explored how altering transmission dynamics affected the model as a whole. The death rates were distinguished such that one death event led an individual out of the model while the other death event led an individual into a different classes. The graphical representation of the developed stochastic model is shown;  Figure 1 . The stochastic SIR model. The assumption is that the population is finite and is sub-divided into categories of finite discrete compartments. , , This Gillespie's algorithm based stochastic SIR model generates a statistically correct trajectory from the initial vector as , , where i=s, i, r S+I+R=N i denotes the population size of the state at time t denotes a function characterized by two quantities as a state change vector and a propensity function. , the state change vector defined as , , where is the change in state i caused by one event. Assuming that the resulting state is . , ". Continuous-time Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. The Markov property lets us specify a model by giving the transition probabilities-defined as rates-on a small interval between the compartments. A Markov chain model is one where the probability of the next event depends on the probability of the present state. This implies the probabilities are individual therefore discrete. Discrete evolution is modelled in discrete time. A Markov chain is interpreted here then, as a stochastic discrete-valued model with the Markov property that future states of a process depend on the current state. Continuoustime Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. The Markov property lets us specify a model by giving the transition probabilities-defined as rates-on a small interval between the compartments. The transition probabilities assigned are defined on an open interval (t, t + ), such that the probability an individual moves from the susceptible compartment to the infectives compartment is  [ 1 ] . The wait times between one event and the next can assume an exponential distribution ∆ ~+ ,- The data was obtained from NACC for HIV/AIDS cases. The means and variances of the simulated and natural data were computed. Considering the hypotheses, 4 = If the mean and variance of the simulated and natural data are equal, the simulated mean does not fit the data. 4 5 = If the mean and variance of the simulated and natural data are not equal, the simulated data fits the natural data. A stochastic SIR model was simulated with a mean step size of 0.006336446. 537 tau steps were made in the model. Curves produced are illustrated below. In order to have confidence in the predicted value, we apply a test to check the simulated values against the natural data values by employing hypotheses. The critical value was 47.4. Mathematical modeling of disease trajectory using Gillespie based algorithms is yet to be explored extensively in literature. After simulating, values were produced by the algorithm for each time step. The simulated curves were compared to HIV/AIDS data. The simulated curves were found to resemble the data available in reality.
paper_214	This kind of model allow to the decision maker to create complex reports and graphs based on the columns from the dimension tables and measures from fact tables, that can be the base for creating alternatives and scenarious acording to the economical indicators. Building alternatives and scenarious is an elaborate task and must have a background in existing data structured in databases that have a special structure of dimensions and fact tables. This data warehouse star model allow complex analyses such as rollup, drill down, slice and dice through the dimensions and fact tables by using special tools such as online analythical processes and complex queries based on views and snapshots. The optimal solution or satisfactory is obtained using either algorithms or formulas within optimization models, either by experiencing various possible alternatives in a process simulation. Optimizing the use of a certain class of models for finding the best solutions. For each class there are methods to solve specific, are selected depending on the number of low or very high number of alternatives, the availability of statistical formulas or methods. Such testing may be actions that can be made explicit in the framework model; enable better decision-making structure problem, allowing exploration of information flows and operational procedures without interfering with the actual operation of the system; using cybernetic control system, which underlies decision making in practice; There are a large number of parcel simulation program. Limits of simulation include: support of simulation model is simplified, built pursuing one goal, one key criterion. The simulation can be conventionally divided into the following steps: the problem and research purpose; model development and data collection system; model verification and validation; describing experiments on the computer; simulation execution and achieving results; analyze the simulation results. In order to build models, the decision is based on information provided far more comprehensive than reports and other economic indicators required or provided by the business itself. Decision making process, conducted with the help of tools, methods and techniques, conduct to the scenarios constructed according to a definite objective. In the first case, the user is provided customized views of data stored by performing a diverse set of operations on transactional data. To build specifications the optimal approach is based on the analysis of data to extract information from data and obtaining knowledge for decision making. To be more precise, a specific problem highlighted in a model is called one of the most used tools in the decision making simulation. The next logical of optimization and forecasting, simulation assists with the running complex patterns, resulting variables whose analysis highlights the value adopated lead to a decision. The outputs from the process of decision making, represented by analytical indicators reflecting the performance of the system analyzed variables results the evaluation criteria or implementation plans of the decisions  [2, 3] . Evaluation of search results depends on the method of presenting results and depends on the facilities of component dialog with users that provide inputs. After analyzing the results achieved and the objectives of their reporting, signaled differences and after identify problems it was reveal the need to take action. In the model design phase defines a model for decision shall be tested and validated under real system. Based on patterns defined by an efficient simulation can generate alternatives. Intuition, creativity and experience allow decision-makers compare alternatives; predict outcomes of each alternative separately. For choosing the solution which takes the results of the previous stages, the action is chosen according to the criterion of selection and decision-making model. The choice of solution is closely linked to proper evaluation of the results of said solution. Methods called heuristics, based on a thorough analysis of the issue. Implementation is the phase that involves the integration model chosen solution in context and simulating the real system. It receives relevant and substantiated elements on activity in the real system and builds models for solving future decision making on the basis of current assessments.Of the foregoing that a decision support system provides a filtering of information provided to decision makers and indicates certain restrictions. For an interactive decision support system architecture includes the following subsystems: Data management subsystem Subsystem management models User subsystem dialog Data management subsystem consists of the following elements: database management system oxidase data, data dictionary and declarative query language. The database is built to meet the information requirements of the system and is an interrelated database operated by one or more users, one or more applications. Whatever the nature of their data is stored in relational databases, transactional system data or data warehouse, built on subjects of interest. The most common data dictionary used in the first phase of decision making is data mining to identify their problems and opportunities. The subsystem management model consists of the following components: base models, the management models, dictionary and processor execution models and integration patterns Base models contain the set of models that make it possible to analyze the facts and the choice of options in terms required by the user. It is the component that differentiates interactive decision support systems to other systems. Database management system allows creating new models models using programming languages, update and modify existing models, establish interdependencies between models. Manage in a logical manner a variety of models to consistency of the data model and provides integration of application systems components maker. Conceptual models are multidimensional and designed to organize data necessary decision-making process on issues. In such a model is highlighted: quantitative data centralized called measures of activity quantitative criteria for centralized aggregation  ,  referred sizes  relational table that stores the measures identified by   the facts dimensions is called table  Tables where aggregation criteria has explicit codes,  called type tables list. The advantages of using databases for Decision Support Systems in businesses involves creating numerous queries by the decision maker and also allow to create many scenarious and variants to choose from. The databases permits flexibility in creating queries by choosing columns from dimension tables and measures from the fact table and so the decision maker may choose what economical indicators is useful to analyse and also permits to create different types of graphs such as columns, pies, scatter points or webs. By simply analysing these reports and graphs helps the decision maker to create different scenarious by changing target indicators and corelate with the economical indicators that can't be changed  [2, 5] . The methods specific to the databases such as SQL language and the Business Intelligence tools allow businesses to explore data and to create alternatives that helps to choose the optimal variant according to the economical restrictions that came from the business environment.
paper_216	Amongst the non-parametric approaches used to improve the accuracy of the model in this study is the Wavelet-based pricing model. The MSE and RMSE of Wavelet model is 0.208546 and 0.456669 respectively which is much lower than that of Black-Scholes model and therefore in conclusion, Wavelet model outperforms the other model. The Black Scholes model has been developed under some assumptions such as the risk-free rate and volatility of the returns are known and constant, the returns of the underlying security are normally distributed, markets are efficient (market movements cannot be predicted). In the real market, the asset returns follow a leptokurtic distribution which is in contrast to the Black-Scholes model where returns are assumed to be log-normally distributed. Variables used in this model are observable, for example the time to expiration, exercise price and the closing price except the volatility which is not directly observable. The Wavelet based pricing model is another nonparametric method alternative used to price derivatives  [4] . According to the literature, this model is the latest theoretical contribution to the option pricing and it is better at capturing the volatility smiles which is as a result of the Black-Scholes' assumption on volatility constant. The implied risk neutral moment-generating functions (MGF) is estimated by the wavelet method. This research therefore compared the performance of Wavelet based pricing model and Black-Scholes model in the valuation of a European option. Their formula can be used to obtain the following parameters; the spot price, the exercise price, interest rate, time to maturity and volatility. The approximation of the implied risk-neutral MGF of the underlying security (asset) returns was focused by developing a non -parametric option pricing model called Wavelet model  [4] . In comparison between the risk-neutral MGF and the implied risk-neutral PDF, the risk-neutral MGF has a number of advantages even though between them, there is a one to one relationship. The following are some examples of these advantages; when there is presence of jumps in the underlying process MGF is more tractable, the option's obtained MGF is a continuous function, statistical moments of the asset distributions can be obtained using MGF and the risk neutral MGF can be used to estimate the out of sample options that has maturity dates which are different. The second use of wavelet method is that, they can be used to de-noise raw data. Also, wavelets can be used to improve analysis of volatility since they are a preprocessing denoising tool  [10] . The de-noising ability of wavelets was also recognized in  [7] . Evidence have been provided to support that wavelet based local linear approximation  [11] . Another example is the application of the wavelets in nonparametrically estimation of a diffusion function  [15] . formula_0 From the Black-Scholes formula above, we see that the strike price (K), risk free interest rate (r), time to maturity (T), the volatility (") and the current price of the stock (S0) are required. Based on some general assumptions like independent and identically distribution (iid) for asset returns and that the moment generating function is defined well, the wavelet based pricing model can be expressed as follows; formula_1 Where, t is the current time, is the underlying asset price at time t, # $ is the time t price for a European call option written on asset, K is the strike price and T is the future maturity date. The underlying asset dynamics and investor expectation in option prices is captured by the MGF Θ !$ + of the logarithmic returns /0 7 . This needs to be approximated by wavelets. In order to approximate the implied MGF using the wavelet method, one has to choose a particular wavelet from a large family of wavelets. From the wavelet literature, researches have shown that there is no best wavelet for a particular application. And therefore, we choose a wavelet that can achieve a reasonable accuracy with wavelet terms being very minimal. To estimate the risk neutral MGF of the return per unit time, we use the Franklin hat function f (t) expressed as; The data sets consist of simulated stock prices, the exercise price, the time to matureness, interest rate and volatility. The focus on this study was on pricing of a European Call option using two models, one parametric model (BS Model) and one non-parametric models (Wavelet Pricing Model). In order to estimate the risk neutral Moment Generating Function of the underlying security from option prices, we applied the methodology of wavelet. Therefore, one of the most significant input of this study is that the wavelet -based pricing model is an alternative model for pricing options and other derivatives on the same underlying asset with varying times to maturity and different strike values. The superiority of the wavelet method comes from the ability of the wavelets to estimate the risk neutral MGF. This is evident from the values of the RMSE and MSE, whereby MSE of wavelet model is lower than that of Black-Scholes model. We recommend more further investigation on the nonparametric models since most of the studies have focused on the parametric model especially Black-Scholes model. Moreover, hedging performance may be evaluated with respect to each of the two models.
paper_219	There is also a need to assess the quality of data sharing across the enterprise network. When discussing the theoretical, it is easy to dismiss the challenges of limited resources to implement new policies such as schedule, budget, manpower, etc. Successful policy implementation amongst other factors requires system analysis methods that assist acquisition agencies in targeting limited developmental resources to areas of greatest impact to the overall mission objectives. This paper introduces such a method in support of achieving maximum data quality for military enterprise networks: a quantitative mechanism by which the value of different net-ready implementation options can be evaluated and graded. Importantly, a model for valuing enterprise data quality is introduced to bridge the gap between measure of technical performance and operational benefit. Section 2 of this paper provides a brief overview of the origins of net-centric and net-ready policies. The attributes in the new model represents data quality of the enterprise system within three contexts: net-centric measures, traditional network quality of service, and cyber-security. Admiral Jay L. Johnson, Chief of Naval Operations, stated in 1997 that the military is undergoing "a fundamental shift from what we call platform-centric warfare to what we call network-centric warfare"  [1] . In the years following, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction (CJSCI) 6212.01 was released that set-forth the procedures for development and certification of a Net-Ready (NR) Key Performance Parameter (KPP); the NR KPP process later being subsumed into the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System (JCIDS) process  [3]    [7] . Making data accessible requires providing authorized users the ability to view, transfer, download, or otherwise consume a data asset once discovered  [6] . Making data understandable requires alignment of terminology, data protocols, data formats, and data meaning between produced and consumer  [6] . Untrusted data can introduce error, uncertainty, and delay into the military decision process  [8] . To satisfy the attribute of entered and managed on the network, the IT connections to external networks required to perform net-centric operational tasks must be identified  [3] . Each net-centric information exchange defined MOPs that are measurable and each information exchange must also identify how the four criteria for net-centric data sharing (visible, accessible, understandable, and trusted) are satisfied for authorized consumers across the enterprise  [3] . Evaluation of the data sharing enterprise requires a holistic view that considers the net-centric attributes of the data simultaneously with the quality of service for the data network. The combined consideration for each of these areas yields a newly defined model for the data sharing enterprise comprised of three equally important attributes: data relevance, quality of data at source, and quality of service for the enterprise network. The most commonly used subjective rating in standards and in conjunction with QoE is the mean opinion score (MOS) where score of 1 is bad, 2 is poor, 3 is fair, 4 is good, and 5 is excellent. Where an accurate model exists for QoE as a function of that attribute's objective measures then it's used instead of sampling users' opinions. For most data the paper assumes that a model is inadequate and sampling the users' opinion is required. But the arithmetic mean assumes that all user groups are of equal size which could lead to biased estimates of the MOS. Thus to avoid bias consider unequal sampling of the user population by using login authentication to identify users to form strata of homogenous users. The survey is not just restricted to a complete enterprise system but can be performed in the early design phases of prototypes and help analyze operational performance of an enterprise attribute as a function of its objective measures, i.e. A novel application to networks of a common survey practice is proposed to use the Horvitz-Thompson (HT) estimator  [10]  for determining the value of the total score of the population of size N. HT is commonly used because of its versatility as an unbiased estimator of the total for a sampling/sample with or without replacement. where n ≤ N and s = {1, 2,…, n}. The Horvitz Thompson estimator for stratified sampling for the total Y is formula_1 where each independent random sample i, is denoted by y i , the probability of inclusion in the sample is denoted by p i . Where it is not easy to design a stratified sampling plan a stratification post collection of n samples without replacement can be constructed. The sample is organized into their various strata with the number of elements in each total number of strata k, in the total population N. The HT estimator for stratification becomes formula_2 and estimate of the stratified mean is formula_3 where m k = ∑ i in s k y i /n is the arithmetic mean of strata k. With each attribute having its MOS value using the stratified estimate in (3). But cost and time to use panels of experts to assess MOS has resulted in seeking alternative approaches. Full reference PESQ is formed by taking the speech codec output and comparing it with the original signal inputted into the codec  [13] . To produce a subjective rating MOS, or QoE, the ITU-T P.862.1  [13]  is used to map raw PESQ to the final rating. There are three levels of reference used in determining the models for estimating the subjecting ratings: full reference (undistorted service is available for comparison with distorted outcome), partial (or reduced) reference, and no reference. In  [15]  equations are formulated for quality in terms of interpretability and MOS; also with or without references. But just for completeness a brief explanation of QoS is given here. data at the source as well as objective measurements of that data on the network that can be used to correlate with the end user's QoE. Examples include understanding relationships between objective measures of QoS like jitter, throughput, and latency to be able to control the QoE. It is expected that models of QoE can be accurately built as a function of objective measures from network, applications, environment, and terminals. These models of QoE based on QoS objective measures are often referred to as "QoE\QoS" correlators  [21]  and  [12] . In  [21]  QoE for voice was modeled with QoS metric packet loss as the objective measure; and other QoE model for web browsing session times as a function of QoS metric of throughput. For both models  [21]  showed QoE had an exponential model in terms of their QoS objective metric(s). The use of the QoE estimate is proposed to provide a subjective rating of the overall relevance of data shared on the enterprise. One way to analyze these properties and their effect on QoE is to form each stratum of (3) in such a way that we have homogenous groups of consumers with similar intrinsic DR properties. Tagged data relevance is a function of the quality of the taxonomy, the process performance, and the degree of understanding the producer has of the potential consumers. The measure of discovered data relevance is an indication of how well the enterprise system enables a consumer to differentiate the data product offerings accessible via the network according to the level of relevance and value to the mission objectives. To support a high level of discovered relevance, The taxonomy available to the consumer must be sufficient to explicitly discriminate the desired data features from the undesired. A poorly performing taxonomy would be one that prompts extraneous definition of detail or that includes terminology with such subtle variation as to lack the mutual exclusivity necessary to select between one term or the other. The processing element of discovered relevance is a measure of how well the search methods of the system match the descriptive words of the consumer (i.e. Just as the performance of tagged relevance is improved by an understanding of the consumer by the producer, discovered relevance benefits from awareness that the consumer has of the full range of data offerings of the enterprise and how they may be described. This is why an overall QoE value for data relevance is important as it indicates the relative success of the discovery process across multiple groups of users at finding data with intrinsic relevancy suitable to meet their needs. We explain here our method to evaluate the overall quality of data of the enterprise based on a minimax decision criterion and its connection with minimax game theory. In game theory, the minimax value of a player is the smallest value that other players can force without knowing the player's actions. Formal minimax definition  [24]  is formula_4 where a(i) denotes the actions of the i-th player of n players, a(-i) is actions of all other players except the i-th, and v i is the value function of player i. Consider a simple example in  Table 1  to illustrate the minimax in a game theory context. The cells in  Table 1  consist of a left value which is the games' pay-off for player one and a right value which is the games' pay-off for player two. Rows in  Table 1  represent actions of player one and columns in  Table I  represent actions of player two. Going through each action of Player one with knowledge of player two actions L, R we have maximum payoff for player one for U of 5, for D of 5, for N of 4, making a minimax pay-off action of player one of N. Player two takes each action along columns for action L maximum payoff is 4 and 3 for action R, resulting in minimax action for Player two of R with payoff of 3. Thus, the minimax strategy is Player one move of N and Player two move of R with a payoff vector (4, 3). The minimax strategy in game theory inspired the decision theory approach of Abraham Wald's minimax model  [25] . The formal definition of Wald minimax model is  And for QoS the objective measures could be latency, packet loss, jitter, and sequence of packets. percentage of spatial and temporal coverage between consumer desired and actual data, and percentage of ontology alignment user and producer. formula_5 Thus, for each d in D, starting with d=QDS, a state vector s max (d) is found that produces max s in S(d) f d (s) where f d (s) is a discrete function formed by a predictive model for QoE or in the absence of a model formed from direct user sampled MOS value calculated using (3), i.e. 3  is organized to reflect the connection between QDS and QoS. 3 , as formula_6 In  Fig. This paper introduced a framework to determine data quality on enterprise networks for DoD net-centric and net-ready initiatives. The framework's data quality model consists of three attributes: quality of data at the source, data relevance, and network QoS. The paper described the data quality using minimax decisions based on users' survey ratings for a given enterprise configuration. The implemented strategy provides a tool for decision makers to prioritize data and manage their resources without comprising any part of the data sharing system. The paper notes the definition of the relationships between attribute's objective measures and the final quality of experience. Thus, support is indicated for further research in the development of objective measures using the definition of data relevance elements presented and to determine models for predicting QoE ratings as a function of these objective measures.
paper_241	Transformers are the key equipment in electrical power transmission. So the use of transformers protection in electric power systems is very crucial and critical as they are required for efficient transportation of electricity to consumers for long term. This paper is concerned with the differential current protection scheme of transformer using a differential relay technique with arduino Uno microcontroller as a differential relay responsible for comparing the differential current values and sends trip signal to the relay (acting as circuit breaker) to open the circuit when there is fault in the protected zone as a result of imbalance in the differential current values. The demand of electricity in our modern day as led to advancement in electrical power systems, which is reflected in the development of all the power system device generators, different sizes of transformers, transmission lines and the protection equipment. C transmission, power transformer is one of the most important equipment. Due to advancement in technology and daily use of electrical devices by industries, organizations and individuals, there is an increase in electricity demand which most likely results systems overload, reducing its efficiency and can cause damage to the transformer  [1] . Typically, Power systems are built to allow continuous generation, transmission and consumption of energy. The system is capable of sustaining a variety of environmental and operating impacts that resemble normal operating conditions which may include lightning striking the transmission lines, excessive loading, deterioration or breakdown of the equipment insulation resulting to power systems experiencing occasional faults such as phase to phase or phase to ground faults, over current, over voltage or even temperature based faults. The Differential current protection scheme is based on the principle that the input power to the transformer under normal condition is equal to the output power and is concerned with having a differential or balanced current between the primary and secondary side which would be digitally displayed  [2] . At all times, the Arduino senses the condition of the transformer. This paper is concern with the implementation of digital differential current protection of a single phase transformer using Arduino Uno microcontroller as a mechanism of differential relay. The fundamental idea of the differential current protection scheme is to provide protection to the transformer if any fault occurs in the protected zone that will cause an imbalance in the differential currents. When there is an occurrence of internal fault an imbalanced or non-zero differential current will flow through the operating coil of the differential relay which would be substituted with a microcontroller that sends a trip signal to the relays needed to open the circuit. The power transformer primary and secondary currents are measured by the current transformers, which are to be protected by the Arduino and the circuit breaker. The current transformers are each connected to the primary and secondary side of the step-up transformer and are used to reduce the currents to a measureable value that can be sensed by the current sensors. The Arduino microcontroller acts as differential current comparator connected to both current sensors ACS712 and as control unit in this design. The differential protection of a transformer is implemented using Arduino Uno microcontroller as a decision making device that sends a trip signal to the relay (acting as circuit breaker) whenever there is faults (internal or external faults). The microcontroller based relay is a technological advancement or development as compared to the use of conventional relays which improves the efficiency and reliability of the system which could be beneficial to both the society and its economic growth.
paper_251	In this paper we propose a concept of multi agent based batch scheduling and monitoring in cloud computing environment, where the number of agent are more than or equal to two with reducing the complexity of accessing and responding time. More comprehensive concept about cloud computing has been narrated and drafted by National Institute of Standard & Technology (NIST): According to NIST-"Cloud computing is a paradigm for facilitating expedient, on-demand network access to a shared cluster (pool/collection) of configurable computing power and resources (like applications, services, networks, servers, and storage,) that can be expeditiously provisioned and exemption with least management endeavor or without service provider interaction. They are able to communicate i.e. autonomous and distributive in nature. Hence agent based solution has been proposed to meet the requirement of the modern cloud computing with pace of dynamic provision to insure shrink in shrink out (elasticity) of the cloud service provider to achieve highest scalability and reliability in extent of the maximum availability of the service to the requisites. Integration of the agent in the propose system provides the cost effective and reliable with dynamic pace, solution for efficient scheduling (elasticity of the resource and services) and proposer monitoring of the cloud computing systems. They are following with respective functionality in the proposed system 1. SaaS (Software as a service). 2. Platform as a Service (PaaS). For this Cloudbees service provider has been integrated onto the developed SaaS application. 3. i.e. Propose system has surveyed and identified the problem domain that must be addressed in context of the cloud computing and consequently present the idea of agent integration. These are following 1. Service scheduling delay 2. Our main research work is to enhance the agent based model for SaaS delivery in the cloud as depicted in the  [1]  and  [2] . Detail Objective of the proposed agent based SaaS Service. To Evaluate and delivered the cloud computing services (SaaS) using agent (for better and fast delivery) using public cloud such as "New Relic and cloud bees". 2. Deploying a web services under SaaS paradigm and evaluate the effectiveness of the web application in the cloud environment with the help of agent. 4. Model for Proposed Work Our proposed work is to schedule and monitor cloud SaaS application onto the cloud and evaluate the performance of the same using proposed agent based. Resources: Algorithm for Scheduling (influenced from Aneka) developed onto the Cloudbees Proposed Algorithm Step1: Register user login Step2: Sign in the user login Step3: Select multi monitoring agent in cloud environment (for each subc_request with QoS constraints) Step 4: Mapping of resources between cloud client, cloud agent and cloud service providers. Step Following public cloud service providers or tools (platform) and data set has been used for evaluating the effectiveness of the proposed monitoring and provision approach. For evaluating the performance of the proposed agent system, the obtained results have been compared with  [2]  in which author has proposed "MABOCCF" the realization of the federation of different cloud (cloud interoperability) using agent. Number of tasks submitted at instant i (Ni) 2. Time to execute the task 3. Availability 4. Proposed multi agent based solution has influenced from [2] but it's not the realization of cloud federation rather it has to evaluate the scheduling and monitoring of the SaaS (task) application in public cloud's (cloud federation not interoperability). This paper proposed and developed an agent based enhanced method for better scheduling (for resource like CPU, memory etc. for their granting/releasing) and their exact monitoring in the cloud in context of public cloud computing service provider such as Cloudbees. Proposed agent based solution for guaranteed better elasticity and their efficient monitoring of the resources in the cloud which helps to gather analytical statistics of the resources currently held and will be used such a memory, number of instances and CPU. For evaluation of the propose agent based method data set (jsp) has been developed using jsp web pages and deployed onto the cloud evaluating the elasticity and its monitoring. Then for monitoring and scheduling with software agent New Relic service has been used to customized the agent functionality to meet the propose systems requirement. 1. 2.
paper_272	Moreover the switching process associated with power electronics offers many modern benefits as a static switching system when joints together by using a snubber circuits for damping chopping current and transient over voltages or other facilities  [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15] [16] . This paper focuses on the understanding of both characteristics and load specification relative to vacuum circuit breaker to generate precisely parameters  [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] . In addition the inside electroplates some characteristics can be described as followings: Non-sustained disruptive discharge voltages In general, the above characteristics are not involving associated with only vacuum switchgear itself a lone, but when connects the switchgear with power distribution transforms or synchronous motors, there are also many negative interactive processes for instance hysteresis currents, eddy currents and high voltage capacitive inside each transformer (Parasites electrostatics charged) feedback to the interrupter process. Acceleration zone iii. Current chopping refers to the prospective over voltage events which can result with certain types of inductive load (power transformer) due to the premature suppression of the power frequency current before normal current zero in the vacuum interrupter. Virtual current chopping involves the load current in the other two phases being forced to zero by superimposed highfrequency re ignition coupled current. Restrike overvoltage due to the multiple re-ignition of circuit breaker when a switching interrupter process is initiated before current zero. Since the high frequency characteristics of the power system equipment are depend on stray capacitances that mentioned above and inductances also and they in turn depend on physical dimensions, equipment layout, materials, cable lengths, all these can be represented as follows  [17] ; The figure represents TRV & Re-ignitions computed in the system when switching off power transformer load that the transient voltage approximately (350µs-450 µs) and shows very high frequency sub transients both going in the negative direction of the voltage -Left side. Normally our analysis for the switching process basically on parallel RLC circuit as following; L= Indicative load of stator winding coils C= parallel parasite `s capacitors -see the introduction R= evaluating resistance that can be damping oscillating. This has been done in Figure. By calculating the inductor current in parallel RLC circuit under conditions of a subsidence transient, but have a far wider application. However to gain familiarity with these curves, consider a specific example where the inductor current is required in a circuit in which the components have the following values: R=10 5 Ω. L =5 Henrys, C = 2X10 -8 F. These values are typical of unloaded transformer, where R represents the equivalent loss resistance. = 2. The electrostatic charges -static charged -parasitism are almost depleted in the a mount current begin to decrease in the same time of first peak value which generates chopping currents, moreover the formula of the transition processing rate of du/dt or di/dt have to be considered. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. The other processing steps as followings: a) Chopping current b) Restrikes voltages c) Prestrikes voltages d) Multi reignitions e) Voltage escalation f) Post-arc currents g) NSDD (non-sustained disruptive discharges) It is often misunderstood how all these phenomena are created and what are their real causes.
paper_294	The cultural heritage of any people can be redressed through the preserved cultural values tangibly stored and preserved in media and forms retrievable and usable. Audiovisual heritage are quite essential that the public library system must not afford to elude its storage not only for users but also for posterity. Cassava is the principal source of dietetic food energy for a significant portions of world populace particularly those living in the lowland tropics, and much of the sub-humid tropics. Incidentally, cassava is the sixth most important crop after wheat, rice, maize, potato and barley and is the primary staple for more than 800 million people in the world and it plays a crucial food security role to the populace due to the fact that its matured edible roots can be left in the ground for up to 36 months. Moreover fresh cassava has a very short postharvest storage lifespan and as such, the Tiv people developed different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after harvest, as well as organizing their local markets where the cassava products would be sold. The study found that the Tiv people had various strategies they adopted in managing postharvest losses of cassava. However, the public library failed to acquire and store audiovisual materials on these management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava; information that would have been used for improving and reducing postharvest losses of cassava by farmers. It was therefore, recommended that concerned policy makers should make policies that will allow public libraries to acquire store and preserve audiovisual materials on various indigenous knowledge for development to ensue; and for posterity; and that governments and other stakeholders should ensure that the public library sector is adequately funded and manpower is adequately provided as well. The cultural heritage of any people can be redressed through the preserved cultural values tangibly stored and preserved in media and forms retrievable and usable. This is the very core of storage and preservation. Cassava is the principal source of dietetic food energy for a significant portions of world populace particularly those living in the lowland tropics, and much of the sub-humid tropics. Incidentally, cassava is the sixth most important crop after wheat, rice, maize, potato and barley and is the primary staple for more than 800 million people in the world and it plays a crucial food security role to the populace due to the fact that its matured edible roots can be left in the ground for up to 36 months. Moreover fresh cassava has a very short postharvest storage lifespan and as such, the Tiv people developed different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after harvest, as well as organizing their local markets where the cassava products would be sold. Apparently, if this is allowed to continue, the consequences cannot be foretold in the near future. 1. 3. What are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? Public library is a library that is established and managed with public funds. In other words, it is called an omnibus for the single fact that its users and readership is not restricted. Public libraries are established wholly or partly from public funds. They are not restricted to any class of persons in the community but freely available to all. They are the venue through which the overall information resources are made freely available to all (Edoka, 2000; Assoh, 2011; Shidi, Aju & Ashaver, 2014). Information processing and retrieval are the core aims and objectives of librarianship, which warrants adequate coverage at all levels of education and above all service to all users both learned and non-learned. The fundamental mission of a public library is to collect, organize, store or preserve, and provide access to knowledge and information. Apparently, in order to achieve this mission, public libraries preserve a variety of information materials including print materials such as books, monographs, serials and periodicals; and non-print materials such as audio or audiovisual materials such as cassettes, microfiche and films among others. Quite so, public library's primary role in the society is to collect information sources of diverse kinds among others. This is their most crucial function of all. Importantly, among the various formats of information materials the public library acquires, audiovisual materials are most suitable for meeting the needs of users in Africa particularly in Benue State. Suffice it to say that the public library is established to serve everybody, it therefore, entails that it is established to serve those who cannot read and write alike. Agber (2007)  reported that a variety of cassava species are found in the Benue Basin including Aiv-kpenga, Pavnya (pronounced Panya) and Imande; and that Panya was discovered by a Tiv hunter called Adaga from Gaav Megaclan of the Tiv in about 1794 according to oral history. Therefore, the Tiv people develop different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after it is harvested, which forms part of management strategies for postharvest losses. Postharvest priorities across the globe have evolved considerably over the past four decades, from being exclusively technical in their outlook, to being more responsive to consumer demand. Consumer-driven trends which have contributed to this shift include rising incomes in urban areas, changing dietary habits, more women in the work-place, reduced time for meal preparation and growing demand for safety, quality and convenience  (Rolle, 2006) . Postharvest encompasses the conditions and situations surrounding the state of the food after separation from the medium and site of immediate growth or production of that food. Harris and Lindblad (1978)  asserted that postharvest begins when the process of collecting or separating food of edible quality from its site of immediate production has been completed. Apparently, postharvest losses therefore mean any change in the availability, edibility, wholesomeness or quality of the food that prevents it from being consumed by people. A direct loss is disappearance of food by spillage, or consumption by insects, rodents, and birds. Peeling the cassava, slicing it and sun drying known as Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips) 2. This would have been achieved by capturing of audio narrations of elderly cassava farmers by recording, as well as organizing custodians of the knowledge to shot informative video clips and snap shot for video slides aimed at educating the younger generation and storing the materials for posterity. The study adopted a survey design, which is the type of design that enables the researcher to collect data from a group of people through questionnaire, interview or observation techniques for the purpose of analysis and subsequent interpretation. The target population of the study was public library staff, library users, and cassava farmers in Tiv speaking local government areas of Benue State. They used the Fish Bowl Technique by writing Yes and No for the respondents to choose and those who chose Yes were finally given questionnaire to respond to it. The researchers did this until they arrive at the sample size of 680. The instrument used for data collection was Questionnaire constructed by the researchers. The 19 item questionnaire adapted a 4 point rating scale and respondents were asked to respond by ticking the correct or applicable responses (SA) strongly agree, (A) agree, (D) disagree and (SD) strongly disagree. These research assistants were asked to administer and retrieve the questionnaire through personal contact to avoid delays associated with mailing and multiple filling. Data were analyzed using mean and standard deviations. The collected data were analyzed using mean and standard deviation. Demographically, data were collected from 680 Library Staffs, Cassava Farmers and Library Users, out of which 348 were male representing 51.2% while 332 representing 48.8% were female. The collected data were analyzed and presented in  Table 1 . From  Table 1 , it can be seen that the mean rating scores of all the items are above 2.50. This means that peeling the cassava, slicing it and sun drying known as Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), peeling the cassava, slicing, sun drying it and grinding into flour known as Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it and frying known as Gari Akom, slicing the cassava, sun drying and burning it into ashes known as Mtuhem (Base), peeling the cassava, fermenting, sieving and squeezing it into lumps known as Akpu, peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it, mixing with salt and other ingredients and frying with palm or groundnuts oil known as Kweesi or Akweesa Akom and peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing and sieving the starch and preparing it for food as Kamu Akom are the management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. Table 2  shows the mean rating scores of all the items are below 2.50, which implies that the public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava through acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom (peeled, grated, squeezed and fried cassava), Mtuhem ma Akom (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom (Cassava Cake) and Kamu Akom (edible cassava starch). What are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? The collected data were analyzed and presented in  Table 3 . Table 3 , it can be seen that the mean rating scores of all the items are above 2.50. This implies that lack of adequate funding to facilitate acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on various aspects of indigenous knowledge, inadequate technical knowledge and skills of staffs, lack of adequate staffs, lack of Policy Statement on the acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv indigenous knowledge such as management of postharvest losses of cassava, and lack of initiative on the part of library management to make attempts to acquire and store audiovisual materials on various forms of indigenous knowledge are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. 1. Based on the results in  Table 1 , the findings from the study revealed that processing cassava into Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom, Mtuhem (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom and Kamu Akom are the Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. Table 2 , findings of the study revealed that the public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava through acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom (peeled, grated, squeezed and fried cassava), Mtuhem ma Akom (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom (Cassava Cake) and Kamu Akom (edible cassava starch). 3. Findings from the study based on the result in  Table 3  showed that lack of adequate funding to facilitate acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on various aspects of indigenous knowledge, inadequate technical knowledge and skills of staffs, lack of adequate staffs, lack of Policy Statement on the acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv indigenous knowledge such as management of postharvest losses of cassava, and lack of initiative on the part of library management to make attempts to acquire and store audiovisual materials on various forms of indigenous knowledge are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. The research discovered that the Tiv people had various strategies they adopted in managing postharvest losses of cassava. However, the public library failed to acquire and store audiovisual materials on these management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava; information that would have been used for improving and reducing postharvest losses of cassava by farmers. Therefore, it was recommended that concerned policy makers should make policies that will allow public libraries to acquire store and preserve audiovisual materials on various indigenous knowledge for development to ensue; and for posterity. The study concludes that public library must make it a point of duty to start acquiring, storing and preserving information materials on indigenous knowledge, particularly in audiovisual format, since this is the only way the library will be useful to the host communities.
paper_298	The study investigated the awareness and use of library catalogue for accessing information resources by users of Federal University of Kashere (FUK) Library. The findings of the study revealed that majority of the respondents were aware of library catalogue existence; they were more informed about card catalogue usage than OPAC for retrieving information resources. In effect, the respondents use card catalogue regularly compared to the OPAC. The study recommended that the library management should organize a periodic user education, orientation and sensitization programmes for the undergraduate users to create awareness and enable them gain the needed skills to use the library catalogue maximally when searching for information resources. The university library goals and objectives are to provide adequate and relevant information resources both in print and online for university community to support teaching, learning and research (these for undergraduates students may refer to class work, assignments, research/project work, term papers, seminar presentation by providing relevant information and services provision for effective and efficient achievement of academic pursuit). The traditional goals and objectives of the library catalogue are to enable users to search a library's collection to find items pertaining to specific titles, authors, or subjects. Awareness of OPAC and its interface features is 100% majority of respondents 66.7% stated that speed of navigation was fast, 76.7% reported that library OPAC has no multimedia Interface like video, rear players and audio features. Again, awareness of the library catalogue is the ability of the students to have communication and consciousness of its essence, its retrieval technique as well as their relevance to the information user. Students' skills in search catalogue can be created through library tours, orientations, seminars, lectures, library staff, handbooks and use of library studies. The purpose of using OPAC majority of the respondents 63.2% stated that they use OPAC to know the availability of required document. The study suggests that the users should be made familiar with the use and operation of the OPAC by providing special training  [6] . 91% respondents used the title search approach and 83.04% used the author search approach, User also indicated that the information regarding the problem faced by the respondents while using the OPAC like 74.39% faced by the problem lack of proper guidance about OPAC followed by 67.47% lack of awareness, 36.33% satisfied with the OPAC and its services  [7] . The studies of Oghenekaro found that users exhibit patterns of library catalogue usage, that education, experience and sophistication of library users determine the pattern or level of library catalogue use  [1] . Aguolu andAguolu observed that students use catalogue mostly for educational purposes and have really helped in conducting and disseminating information resources in the library  [10] . In essence, students use the catalogue to enable them conduct research in the library. It is on this note that this study investigates the use of library catalogue by undergraduate student in the university library. The study is designed to achieve the following objectives: a. To find out the students awareness about library catalogue as access point to library collection. To find out methods employ by students to consult library catalogue to search for information resources. c. To ascertain the extent of use of the library catalogue by students to access information resources. The study is designed to answer the following research questions: a The survey research method was adopted for the study, and questionnaire was the instruments use for collecting data. Thus, 272 respondents were selected for the study based on 95% confidence level and 5% confidence interval of Sample Size Calculator. However, out of 272 questionnaires that were distributed, the same 272 were returned and 262 were found useful because 10 respondents indicated not aware of the subject. The completed and returned questionnaires were analyzed using descriptive statistics, percentage and frequency distribution. This section presents questionnaire collected on the basis of gender of the research respondents. The question on the demographic information of the respondents was on gender presented in  Table 1 . This shows that majority of library users in the Federal University of Kashere Library were male. This finding is in agreement with Clifford & Zaccus whose study on "users attitude towards the use of library catalogue in two selected University Libraries in South West Nigeria" revealed that number of the male respondents is higher than female respondents  [11] . Awareness of access points to library collections are the most important factors influencing the success of the retrieval and utilization of library resources. The awareness of respondents would depend on the way the library informs their users about the use and functions of library catalogue revealing the available resources and its location in the library. 26 (10%) of the respondents were aware of the existence of OPAC as a retrieval tools in the library. In order to find out how respondents became aware of the library catalogue in the university library, options were provided in the questionnaire on the sources of library catalogue and they were asked to indicate the sources of their awareness. The finding of the study reveals that the creation of awareness on use of catalogue through library orientation, university website and notice board is significantly low. This implies that majority of respondents became aware of information retrieval tools through library staff and user education programmes these are more formal sources of awareness about library catalogue function and use. The finding of this study however revealed that the rate at which the respondents used the library catalogue regularly was very high. This finding is in agreement with Fabunmi & Asubiojo whose study on OPAC use by students of Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife found out that though many students were aware of the OPAC, few actually made use of it. The finding in this case was surprising considering that majority of the respondents had indicated that they do not use the OPAC. Table 7  revealed that 118 (45%) of the respondents use catalogue to access information for assignment, followed by those that use it to retrieve information for research 96 (37%). This agrees with the findings of Oghenekaro that 94 (37.5%) of the respondents used it for research purpose, 66 (26.3) used it for enquiry, while others used it for bibliographic record supply, document delivery and others  [1] . The respondents were given multiple options to indicate as many as applicable the challenges associated with the use of library catalogue in the university libraries. This finding corroborates with that of Ogbole & Morayo which revealed that (41.1%) of the respondents rarely use OPAC. The finding was completely different from that of Onuoha, Umahi, & Bamidele where respondents faced problems associated mostly with orientation and unstable power supply in UNAAB and also at RUN where the challenge was mostly associated with computer supply and lack of orientation for students  [13] . The study revealed that majority of the university library users were male. It is disturbing to discover from the study, that most of the respondents were aware of the card catalogues as access and retrieval tool for searching for information resources in the library. Considering the important roles library catalogue plays in effective and efficiency use of library information resources, the research recommends the following to improve the use of library catalogue for information access and retrieval: a.
paper_305	The results obtained proved that such a mechanism can be applied to augment manual credit appraising processes, especially where large volumes of applications are to be processed within limited timeframes. Therefore the screening of the customer's financial history as well as the ability to remain faithful to new financial obligations is a very significant factor before any credit decision is taken and it is a major step in reducing credit risk. We begin by highlighting the relevant base literature upon which the experiment was setup and the subsequent experimental setup and finally the results obtained with corresponding analysis and conclusion. Further, the complexity of loan decision tools and variation between applications is an opportunity for the use of a machine learning tool to provide learning capability that does not exist in other technologies. Ensemble meta modeling techniques, are empirically some of the best machines learning tools applicable to financial risk analysis. The general objectives of this study were to: 1) Implement the meta learning algorithm -LogitBoost to develop as system for evaluating credit applications to support loan decisions in Kenyan financial institutions 2) Outline some of the challenges of using the learning algorithm in the decision-making process for the banking industry in Kenya 3) Champion the applicability of Java as an open source software in business intelligence applications From time immemorial in the banking sector, banks have relied on the personal assessment of loan risks or on the traditional statistical methods to predict the default of loans instead of using a standardized evaluation tool. Further, the study considered a binary output from the classifier, hence dependent variable can only take on accept or reject values with an emphasis on the banking industry in Kenya; though the results can easily be generalized to institutions elsewhere. Although the classifier takes this into account through voting -in which those values that meet certain thresholds are promoted to either of the classification values, most of such incidences are minimal and can be handled through judgmental procedures by re-examining those peculiar cases and applying policies as laid out. The study has left such analysis to oversight procedures especially where the confidence level of the classifier does not meet a certain threshold. One of the earliest automated procedures uses statistical tools which have fallen short of the inherent challenge for today's commercial banks is their desire to understand large amounts of information and reveal useful knowledge to improve decision-making. Today, lenders are making increased use of new and innovative techniques -the key being data mining and machine learning to evaluate loan applications for business and financial prospects  [2, 3] . Further, ensemble learning algorithms -those that combine a number of base algorithms, through empirical reports typically lead to better results. One such algorithm that effectively addresses these issues is the LogitBoost Meta classifier -based on the log of the odds ratio for the dependent variable  [7, 8] . Although the model was reported to perform relatively better than models developed using other approaches; as part of the limitations and recommendation, they suggested that such a model is usually a black box and more insight the model parameters was required to make it more effective. The solution to the problem was an adaptation of ensemble machine learning strategies where a 'weak' classifier, commonly referred to as a base classifier was boosted through a series of adjustments through weighting and re-sampling to develop a better learner which was an additive aggregate of individual learners. The reported technique derives from the intuitive understanding that instead of putting all the effort on finding highly accurate base classifiers, it becomes sufficient or even desirable to use a set of weaker hypotheses. It works as follows: 1. Looks at all possible thresholds for each attribute 2. Resulting classifier is a simple threshold on a single feature a) Outputs a +1 if the attribute is above a certain threshold b) Outputs a -1 if the attribute is below the threshold Figure 1  illustrates the combination criterion. The model was specified in terms of K −1 log-odds that separate each class from the base class K. Combine it with the other previously selected v. classifiers vi. Reweight the data vii. Repeat until you have T classifiers selected We report on cross validation as under. i. Separate data into fixed number of partitions (or folds) ii. Classify and obtain performance metrics. v. Classify until each partition has been used as the test set. Calculate an average performance. This strategy is similar to the use of two files as discussed earlier but relies on the learner to automatically partition a given data set into two given a split percentage Class =Accept: The number of correctly classified instances is 12 and that of instances classified as belong to the class is 13. This gives a precision value of 12/13=0.92 Class =Reject: The number of correctly classified instances is 7 and that of instances classified as belong to the class is 7. This gives a precision value of 7/7=1 Class =Accept: The number of correctly classified instances is 12 and the number of instances belonging to the class is 12. This gives a recall value of 12/12=1 Class =Reject: The number of correctly classified instances is 7 and the number of instances belonging to the class is 8. This gives a recall value of 7/8=0.88  Figure 2 . The ROC graph is a plot of two measures: Sensitivity: The probability of true classifications given true instances i.e. P(true | true) calculated as a/a+b from a standard confusion matrix 1-Specificity: The probability of true classifications given false instances i.e. P(true | false) calculated as 1-d/c+d The ROC area has the following indicators: . 0.9. 0.6. The value converted to 1 decimal place, these values indicate a perfect classification Three options were investigated for training the algorithm namely: a) The use of single file both for training and testing the model through stratified cross validation. This is a strategy where the training file was portioned into complementary data sets called the training set and the validation set. The model accuracy using this procedure was 86.86% making it a fairly reliable strategy b) The use of separate training and testing data sets returned an accuracy of 95% making it a relatively better strategy c) The use of a ratio to determine the size of the training and testing files from one data set returned an accuracy of 88.64% Therefore, it implies from these findings that the use of separate files for training and testing of the model returns the best model accuracy and hence should be adopted. The training and testing procedures can be done severally with different input parameters and file sizes to settle on the most effective set for different learning processes. Finally, as stated earlier in the introduction, it is not prudent to completely rely on an automated credit appraising as some cases might require subjective interpretation and personal judgment. As a conclusion, the reported work indeed confirmed that: 1) Machine learning procedures can be applied in financial modeling applications to augment manual underwriting techniques 2) These procedures can greatly improve the efficiency of such techniques because of their ability to handle large items of data generating very useful statistics 3) This work can be improved through the use of enhanced data set pre-processing procedures, the use of a cost matrix as well as parameter tuning to settle on the most effective set for various data mining requirements.
paper_310	We are now living in the 21 st century. This project describes how to control a robot using mobile through Bluetooth communication, some features about Bluetooth technology, components of the mobile and robot. We present a review of robots controlled by mobile phone via moving the robot upward, backward, left and right side by the android application such as Arduino, Bluetooth. We derived simple solutions to provide a framework for building robots with very low cost but with high computation and sensing capabilities provided by the smart phone that is used as a control device. This paper represents android application based Bluetooth controlled robotic car. We interface the Bluetooth module with the system so that we can easily control the system by smart phone application. Here in the project the Android smart phone is used as a remote control for operating the Robot. The controller acts accordingly on the DC motors of the Robot. In achieving the task the controller is loaded with a program written using Embedded 'C' language. Still there exists a requirement of a cost-effective automation system, which will be easy to implement. An example of such a costeffective project has been proposed here. The design of the system is kept as simple as possible. Few things like cost-effectiveness and simplicity in design, lowprofile structure etc. have been kept in mind before designing the project. Our system aims to achieve the target to design a system that can provide following functionalities with a simple and easy-to-use interface: a) Develop an android application that will act as an remote of a robot. g) The Bluetooth module is connected with the Arduino UNO board for the connection with the user. The microcontroller is programmed with the help of the Embedded C programming. Bluetooth module will give the commands given by smart-phone to the microcontroller. It sends the data to microcontroller through Bluetooth module. The novelty lies in the simplicity of the design and functioning. Arduino software (  Figure 5 ) is used to put the instruction of whole functions of this system to the microcontroller. The program is stored in the EEPROM of the microcontroller, which is present in the Arduino board. By this software we put the data and instruction for forward, backward, left, right operation of this system. Motor driver switches accordingly the data bit, if the data bit is low then the corresponding pin of the motor driver doesn't work else highbit then thecorrespondingpinof the motor driver is on. There are two steps of the programming. Second loop part where the program runs continuously. The working principle is kept as simple as possible. The working principle of the circuit has been elaborated with the help of a block diagram, of the system interconnection as shown in  Figure 6 . The microcontroller, thereby, sends instructions, which when executed, helps in functioning of the motor driver. The Bluetooth module is connected with the Arduino UNO board for the connection with the user. When user sends any data to the Arduino board then the corresponding pin of Arduino goes to high state and switches the motor driver ic in the on mode. The circuit diagram of this project is shown below: Here at first we construct the circuit as shown in  Figure 7 . Here the Bluetooth module act as a receiver which receives the instruction from the smart phone (remote or transmitter). Then the microcontroller decides the operation for the instruction which is coming from the smart phone. The functions of the given instructions are operated by the microcontroller. When any input is given then the motors moves as per the preloaded functions in the microcontroller. The novelty lies in the fact that it is a cost-effective project with a simple and easy to use interface compared to existing ones.
paper_333	There are several issues and diseases which try to decline the yield with quality. This study presented a general process model to classify a given Enset leaf image as normal or infected. The strategy of K-fold stratified cross validation was used to enhance generalization of the model. This diagnosis apply K-means clustering, color distribution, shape measurements, Gabor texture extraction and wavelet transform as key approaches for image processing techniques. Food security is a challenge in many developing countries like Ethiopia. Cheesman. Ethiopia is one of the grand producer of Enset in African continent countries. There are several issues and diseases which tries to decline the yield with quality. Particularly, diagnosis of potential diseases on Ethiopian banana is based on traditional ways and due to limited research attention given to Enset crop production. If the Enset crop diseases can be minimized then definitely the production will significantly be increased to contribute to the country's economy towards a new boost. Therefore, the implementation of IT based solution in the sector will have a paramount importance to facilitate the activities such as economic, social and ecologic development in the country by increasing efficiency in both quality and quantity of Enset crops production, to sustain dependability of customer preferences and to preserve the ecology  [2] . In our country few researchers found the promising solutions to different plant diseases diagnosis such as maize, rose flower, coffee and others using computer vision and machine learning techniques  [3, 4, 5] . The remaining part of this paper is organized as follows. In Section III, we present the architecture of proposed system. Experimental results are reported in Section IV. Section V presents the conclusion and discusses of future works. The occurrence, distribution and the incidence level also indicated to vary from one Enset-growing locality to the other. In this work, disease identification was done by using characteristics of Enset plant. The feature of normal and diseased Enset image features was extracted to train kernel support vector machine. Figure 2  shows the architecture of the proposed system Those images are collected by using a digital camera and some of them are collected from secondary sources like research centers which collects pictures for visual inspection of Enset disease. B. We designed a system which can detect Enset disease automatically and this will help the farmers to detect the diseases in its early stage and to take relevant action. It is a good option to use other machine learning techniques like Artificial Neural network and the hybrids of the other learning algorithms.
paper_389	This paper systematically describes the definition, model structure, parameter estimation and corpus selection of the conditional random field model, and applies the conditional random field to the Chinese word segmentation and the Chinese word segmentation method. Word probability, the paper explores the probability characteristic of word location. Experiments on the corpus show that the introduction of the word position probability feature has improved the accuracy, recall and the value of Fl. The so-called Chinese word segmentation, is the process of word segmentation as each Chinese character classification process, by marking each character in the sentence to segmentation. Zhou J built a hybrid method of Chinese word segmentation around CRF model. For example, "O" can be used to represent individual Chinese characters, "B" means Chinese characters appear in the head, "I" means Chinese characters appear in the middle or the end of the word. So the word segmentation problem is transformed into a pure sequence data labeling problem, you can use a lot of sequence tag algorithm for word segmentation. Figure 1  is an example of the use of Chinese characters marked word segmentation. Finally, according to the mark of each Chinese character, the mark result is "OOBIO", so the result is "这 / 是 / 武汉 /." As mentioned earlier, the CRF makes it easy to add any feature in the observed sequence to the model, so that not only the transfer and emission characteristics of the traditional HMM sequence model can be incorporated into the model, but also some other The feature information associated with the observation sequence or with the language itself is added to the model. In this paper, CRF automatic word segmentation experiments, the use of features include the following two: a single word characteristic: a position on the word characteristics. For example, "the previous word is a number, the current word is a quantifier", "the second word of the current word is the number, the first word is the number, the current word is the number, the latter number is the number, Two words are time words "and other characteristics. For example, "the previous word is a number, the current word is a quantifier", "the second word of the current word is the number, the first word is the number, the current word is the number, the latter number is the number, Two words are time words "and other characteristics. CRF word segmentation system is a word segmentation system based on conditional random field, and the Chinese word segmentation method is adopted. Secondly, feature extraction is carried out to generate training corpus and test corpus which can be recognized by CRF model tool. Then the training corpus is trained to generate a CRF model, and some training parameters such as iteration number are added in the training process. Using the CRF model generated by the training, the test corpus is tested and a prediction result is obtained. The performance of a word segmentation system mainly depends on two aspects: segmentation precision and word segmentation speed. Word segmentation accuracy, also known as word segmentation accuracy, is the core performance index system. The performance of Chinese automatic word segmentation is evaluated by the following three indexes: correct rate (P), recall rate (R) and F value. Where, P refers to the accuracy of word segmentation; R refers to the word recall rate; F value refers to the P and R integrated value. CRF The word segmentation system is a word segmentation system based on the conditional random field, and uses the feature template one, the feature template two and the feature template three. Moreover, since the word position probability feature is extracted completely from the training corpus, some of the participle criterion information of the corpus is extracted to a certain extent, so that when the test set is tested, Corpus. This chapter first briefly introduces the CRF tools, experiment corpus and standard of experimental evaluation in Chinese word segmentation experiments. The experiment not only demonstrates the influence of the choice of conditional random field model parameters and Chinese character annotation set on the experimental results, but also verifies the validity of the new features and the feasibility of the new method. In the experiment, only some feature information is used, and most of the features are extracted from the training corpus, we have achieved good results. As the Yangtze River Daily corpus is from the newspaper news, for the news corpus in the special format, such as title, poetry, weather forecasting, etc., to our model training has a certain impact, so if the corpus in the handling of these disturbances, Our model should have better performance.
paper_391	Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. Globally, tetanus is responsible for 5% of maternal deaths and 14% of neonatal deaths annually. Data mining is the process of discovering interesting patterns and knowledge from large amounts of data. The data for this study were the Tetanus Toxoid data set from the Ethiopian Demographic and Health Survey (EDHS) 2011, and analyzed using the Knowledge discovery process of Selection, Processing, Transforming, mining, and interpretation. In the cross-validation with 10 folds, correctly classified best are by naïve Bayesian 63.30% and the least accurate were by k-nearest neighbor 60.52%. The maximum confidence attained in the general association is 0.98. But, in the class attribute, it is 0.72. The literacy status of the mother has high information gain with the value 0.046. As a conclusion, the best algorithm based on the TT vaccination data is multilayer perceptron classifier with an accuracy of 67.28% and the total time taken to build the model is at 0.01 seconds. Multilayer perceptron classifier has the lowest average error at 32.72% compared to others. These results suggest that among the machine learning algorithm tested, multilayer perceptron classifier has the potential to significantly improve the conventional classification methods for use in EDHS data of Tetanus toxoid. Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. And the major cause of early infant deaths in many developing countries is often due to failure to observe hygienic procedures during delivery. Infection is acquired through environmental exposure of any broken skin or dead tissue such as a wound or when the umbilical cord is cut to the spores of the bacteria. Globally tetanus is responsible for 5% of maternal deaths and 14% of neonatal deaths annually, accounting for up to 25% neonate's death in some African countries  [3] [4] [5] . As of December 2012, maternal and neonatal tetanus persist as a public health problem in 30 countries, mainly in Africa and Asia  [2] . However, until now maternal and neonatal tetanus persist as public health problems in 36 countries, mainly in Africa and Asia. The TT vaccination schedule in Ethiopia for childbearing women follows the schedule recommended by WHO for developing countries  [6] . Five doses of TT can ensure protection throughout the reproductive years and even longer. Data mining is the process of discovering interesting patterns and knowledge from large amounts of data. It is a young and fast-growing field also known as knowledge discovery from data (KDD) and used for discovering interesting patterns from data in various applications  [7] . The health care industry is one of the world's largest and fastest growing industries having a huge amount of healthcare data. This health care data include relevant information about Client, their treatment, and resource management data. The information is rich and massive. Hidden relationships and trends in healthcare data can be discovered from the application of data mining techniques. In this study, we have used several data mining techniques; classification, clustering, association and outlier detection techniques over the nominated Tetanus Toxoid immunization dataset of the EDHS 11. The main objective of this project was to identify the best classifier, and to predict the pattern from the TT data set using the data mining algorithms and tools for tetanus toxoid vaccination and to connect the technical field public health and medical field to serve the community. This problem caused the loss of time and effort in the healthcare system environment and spending lots of efforts and costs without having evidence-based information for planning and intervention. Applying data mining, used for the discovery of hidden but useful knowledge from EDHS 2011 dataset. This process must have a model to control its execution steps. Knowledge discovery from data for prediction of the tetanus toxoid immunization among the women of childbearing age in Ethiopia following the standard process, guiding us in the analysis process, and exposing those aspects that could otherwise be neglected. The  Figure 1 (Adapted from  [7] ) shows, the basic phases of the knowledge discovery from data, we have undergone. Preprocessing solves issues about noise, incomplete and inconsistent data. The next phase is the transformation of the preprocessed data into a suitable form for performing the desired data mining task. However, not all of the patterns are useful. The goal of interpreting and evaluating all the patterns discovered is to keep only those patterns that are interesting and useful to the user and discard the rest. The EDHS of 2011 dataset was used as a source for this study and WEKA 3.6.1 machine learning tools are used. In this tool we have been applied different classification algorithms, clustering and predict a useful result that will be very helpful for the health care planner, new users, and new researchers. It has a dimension of 7033 rows and 12 columns. This data processed and arranged for the purposes of training and testing. csv" file formats and stored as an ". Classification is one of the data mining techniques and it is used to group the instances which belong to same class  [8] . And the classification step that is, where the model is used to predict class labels for given data  [7] . The classification methods used in this study is to classify data according to their classes putting the data in a single group that belongs to a common class. The approaches are; (a). And the topmost node in a tree is the root node. [8, 9]  (b). The training tuples are described by m attributes. In this way, all the training tuples are stored in an m-dimensional pattern space. When given an unknown tuple, a k-nearest-neighbor classifier searches the pattern space for the k training tuples that are closest to the unknown tuple. These k training tuples are the k "nearest neighbors" of the unknown tuple  [7, 10] . (c). They can predict class membership probabilities like, the probability that a given tuple belongs to a particular class  [10, 11] . This assumption is called class conditional independence. (d). Multilayer preceptor Multilayer preceptor is a simple two-layer neural network classifier with no hidden layers. This is for assessing how "accurate" your classifier is at predicting the class label of tuples. Confusion matrix; is used in this study, include accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, and precision. There are four additional terms we need to know that are the "building blocks" used in computing many evaluation measures. True Training and testing are performed k times. Most of the clustering algorithms require the users to input the number of clusters they desire  [12] . Thus, in this study, we have used five clusters. "How does the k-means ( ) algorithm work?" The k-means algorithm then iteratively boost the within-cluster variation. For each cluster, it computes the new center using the objects assigned to the cluster in the previous iteration. All the objects are then re-assigned using the updated center as the new cluster centers. Another threshold is Confidence, which is the conditional probability than an attribute appears in a transaction using the Apriori algorithm. The InfoGainAttributeEval with Ranker T used with respect to the class attribute and visualization was done in the attribute selection. A multilayer perceptron is the best classifier in our data set. Using evaluation with cross-validation (10 folds) correctly classified best are by naïve Bayesian 63.30% and the least accurate were by K-nearest neighbor 60.52%. (Table 3)  Simple K-Means preferred the method of clustering for this project we have adjusted the attributes of our cluster algorithm by clicking Simple K-Means. Cluster 3-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 4-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Amhara in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 35-49, mother marital status married, hh_head Female, tt-vaccinated yes. As explained in the    The literacy status of the mother has high information gain (0.046) and followed by the literacy status of the mother (0.041) and the least information gained was head of household (0.00000147). (Figure 3 ) In this study, the data mining tool and algorithm like (J48, k-nearest, and Bayes) is used for selecting the training and test data, for classification, and K-means approach for clustering, single-dimension association rule to identify the best association. csv" file and features were described using WEKA performance. Our work extends to utilize the implementation of the dataset for data mining tool present in all sections to achieve a better rate of accuracy and improve the efficiency when analyzing the large dataset. As a conclusion, the best algorithm based on the TT vaccination data is multilayer perceptron classifier with an accuracy of 67.28% and the total time taken to build the model is at 0.01 seconds. Multilayer perceptron classifier has the lowest average error at 32.72% compared to others.
paper_402	This paper presents machine learning algorithms based on back-propagation neural network (BPNN) that employs sequential feature selection (SFS) for predicting the compressive strength of Ultra-High Performance Concrete (UHPC). The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete. The steps that were are followed in developing a robust and accurate numerical model using SFS include (1) design and validation of ANN model by manipulating the number of neurons and hidden layers; (2) execution of SFS using ANN as a wrapper; and (3) analysis of selected features using both ANN and nonlinear regression. Several types of machine learning algorithms such as Artificial Neural Network (ANN) have been used in different fields for the development of models that predict response parameters (experimental dataset) using certain independent input parameters. However, an experiment could have a large number of independent parameters most of which are redundant and have negligible effects on the response parameters. The need for soft computing tools and models for the prediction of behavioural properties of engineering components, systems and materials is continuously rising. ANN emerged as one of soft computing paradigms that have been successfully applied in several engineering fields  [1] . The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete  [14] [15] [16] [17] . In this study ANN is employed with other machine learning techniques to identify the parameters that capture the compressive strength of UHPC using data collected from the literature. [24] . Ghafari et al. [19]  used the back-propagation neural network (BPNN) and statistical mixture design (SMD) in predicting the required performance of UHPC. Despite the statistical advantages of ANN, it has been long regarded as a black box that evaluates functions using input covariates and yielding outputs. Meaning, the model does not produce any analytical model with a mathematical structure that can be studied. Sequential feature selection (SFS) is a machine learning tool that sequentially selects features and inputs them into a fitting model (i.e. There are two types of SFS classes -mainly filter method and wrapper method  [28] , where Zhou et al. [29]  used the Markov Blanket with a wrapper method to select the most relevant features of human motion recognition. Four sets of open human motion data and two types of machine learning algorithms were used. Moreover, Rodriguez-Galiano et al. [30]  used SFS when tackling ground water quality problems, where 20 datasets of parameters were extracted from a GIS database. Four types of machine learning algorithms were used as wrappers for the SFS. The steps that were are followed in developing a robust and accurate numerical model using SFS include (1) design and validation of ANN model by manipulating the number of neurons and hidden layers; (2) execution of SFS using ANN as a wrapper; and (3) analysis of selected features using both ANN and nonlinear regression. There are two types of ANN models: (1) feed forward; and (2) feed backward. The input neurons are responsible for containing the independent parameter presented by the user, the wires represent the randomly generated matrices called weights that manipulate the function's slope or steepness, the hidden neurons map the weights variables using an activation function, and the bias units control the output function's shift, either upward or downward. Equation  1 shows the linear combination of mapping weights from each input neuron, via wires, to the hidden neurons. SFS reduces the dimensionality of data by selecting only a subset of measured features to create a prediction model. SFS is composed of two components: the objective function, which is the criteria the algorithm follows when selecting the features (i.e. There are two types of search algorithms: sequential forward selection and sequential backward selection. In this study, the previously verified ANN model was used as the objective function and the forward selection was used in selecting the relevant features. The increment started from one neuron and ended with 15 neurons, where the model was analyzed 10 times, for each increment, because the Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm locates the local, and not the global, minimum of a function. Hence, for each neuron tested, ten NMSE values will be stored in a column vector, where each column vector will be averaged and plotted against its corresponding number of neuron(s). Figure 2  shows the plot of all the scenarios with the minimum point circled at 11 neurons. Therefore, 11 neurons is, approximately, the number of neurons that is sufficient enough for BPNN to facilitate an accurate ANN model for the collected dataset. The SFS algorithm was run 200 times to capture all possible combinations of independent features when using ANN. Table 2  tabulates the percentage of features that were used during the 200 trials. Based on the results of these trials, the most abundant combination during the SFS analysis, within a 20% threshold, was selected as the important parameters that contribute mostly in the model. In this study, four variables (Cement, Sillica Fume, Flyash, and Water) were selected as the most relevant features for the prediction model. Figure 3 Table 3  shows the statistical measurements calculated for both cases. It was observed that the r 2 and NMSE before and after selection yielded 81.6% and 99.1%, respectively, and 0.0594 and 0.026, respectively. The correlation plots between the predicted and experimental results for the ANN models, with and without selected features using SFS, are summarized in  Figure 4(a)  presents the percent deviation, where an arbitrary percent deviation was plotted above and below the perfect fit line with a deviation value of ±20%. As a result, the ANN model with the relevant features was capable of predicting 89.6% of its values within the aforementioned boundaries, as opposed to the ANN model with all the features which predicted 58.7% of its values within the boundaries. Table 4  shows the coefficient values, with their corresponding symbols, for each UHPC constituent with the statistical measurements of the LSR model. fc = θ1C + θ2SI + θ3FA + θ4W (2) Since the developed LSR model is capable of accurately predicting the experimentally measured compressive strength, a parametric study was conducted, using this model, to study the effect of Fly Ash and Silica Fume on the compressive strength of UHPC. Using Fly Ash quantities that range between 0-200 kg/m 3 and Silica Fume quantities that range between 40-160 kg/m 3 while fixing the quantity of cement at 1400 kg/m 3 and water at 175 kg/m 3 , several plots showing the variation of strength of UHPC were generated as shown in  Figure 5 . It is observed from  Figure 6  that there is noticeable increase in the compressive strength of UHPC with the increase in Flay Ash and more noticeable with the increase in Silica Fume. This study was conducted to detect the correlation between the material constituents of UHPC and its compressive strength. BPNN was used and three major steps were executed: (1) verification of ANN; (2) application of both SFS; and NID, and (3) analysis of selected features using ANN and LSR. It can be concluded from this study that: 1) The use of ANN with SFS reduced the number of input parameters needed to accurately predict the compressive strength of UHPC mix for the prediction of compressive strength, making it less computationally expensive. 2) The use of ANN with selected input parameters improved the accuracy of prediction of compressive strength of UHPC and reduced the computational effort. The correlation coefficient (r 2 ) before and after the use of SFS improved from 81.6% to 99.1% while the NMSE improved from 0.0594 to 0.026, respectively. 3) The ANN model with the selected relevant input parameters also showed a lower deviation (89.6 %) than the ANN model with all the features (58.7%). 4) LSR was implemented using the selected input parameters to develop an analytical model that can be used to accurately predict the compressive strength of UHPC.
paper_418	Table 1 shows that the column variances of Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model but depends on slope and seasonal effects for mixed model. Results show that seasonal variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model and a function of slope and seasonal effects for mixed model. Also, when there is no trend (b=0), the estimates of row, column and overall means are the same for the two models while the estimates of seasonal indices are not the same for both additive and mixed models. The decomposition models are Additive model: formula_0 Multiplicative model: formula_1 Mixed model: formula_2 where t M is the trend-cycle component, t S is the seasonal component and t e is the error. In particular, this means that the fluctuations overlapping the trend-cycle are not dependent on the series level. They do not depend on the level of the trend  [3] . On the other hand, the appropriate model is multiplicative when the seasonal standard deviations show appreciable increase/decrease relative to any increase /decrease in the seasonal means. The emphasis is to compare the row, column and overall means and variances of the Buys-Ballot table for additive and mixed model when trend-cycle component of time series is linear. In such cases it is appropriate to use a multiplicative model. Gupta  [8]  observed that, the additive model assumes that all the four components of the time series operate independently of each other so that none of these components has any effect on the remaining three. According to him, this series are not independent of which other. Oladugba et al  [9]  gave brief description of additive and multiplicative seasonality. 2 (a) The column means mimic the shape of the trending parameters and contain seasonal indices for additive model. The column variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model, but a function of slope and seasonal indices for the mixed model. These properties of row, column and overall averages and variances of the Buys-Ballot table are what could be used for estimation and assessment of trend parameters, estimation and assessment of seasonal indices and choice of the appropriate for time series decomposition. That is when 0 b =  (Table 1)  For mixed model, we obtain using the expression in  Table  1  ( ) ( )  formula_8 when there is no trend. That is when ( 0 b = ), it is clear from  For mixed model, we obtain using the expression in  Table 1  . formula_10 When there is no trend ( 0 b = ) we obtain from  (Table 1)  . Table 3  that when there is no trend i.e. (b=0), the estimates of row, column and overall means are the same for the two models while the estimates of seasonal indices are not the same for both additive and mixed models. The real life example is based on monthly data on number of registered road traffic accidents in Owerri, Imo State, Nigeria for the period of 2009 to 2018 shown in  Table A1 . The actual and transformed series are given in figures 3.1 and 3.2. Results show that seasonal variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model and a function of slope and seasonal effects for mixed model. Also, when there is no trend ( ) 0 b = , the estimates of row, column and overall means are the same for the two models while the estimates of seasonal indices are not the same for both additive and mixed models.
paper_428	The present article examines the influence of thermal radiation on two-dimensional incompressible magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) mixed convective heat transfer flow of Williamson fluid flowing past a porous wedge. An adequate similarity transformation is adopted to reduce the fundamental boundary layer partial differential equations of Williamson fluid model in to a set of non-linear ordinary differential equations. Williamson analyzed the flow of pseudoplastic materials and presented model to described the behavior of pseudoplastic material and explain convenient importance of plastic flows, and also recognized that viscous flows are very varied from plastic flows  [1] . Nadeem     [6] . Hayat et al. studied the peristaltic motion of non-Newtonian fluid through asymmetric channels along porous wall by means of various phase and amplitude, and also studied the manipulation of different wave structures on the fluid flow model  [8] . By considering the approximation of long wave length and small Reynolds number the peristaltic pumping of Williamson fluid in a planar channel was investigated by Vasudev et al. Nadeem et al. Khan et al. Hayat et al. Azimi et al. Jabar addressed the influence of viscous dissipation and joule heating on MHD flow through a stratified sheet subjected to power Law Heat Flux having heat source  [22] . Merkin et al. studied both forced and natural convection boundary layer transport by perpendicular surface in a stratified medium along connective boundary conditions  [34] . Bau investigated the thermal convection in a saturated stratified medium bounded between two parallel eccentric cylinders with the help of a regular perturbation expansion along Daarcy-Rayleigh number; it was observed that the appropriate preference of eccentricity values can maximize the heat transfer inside annulus of various thermal insulators  [37] . Jackson et al. Fu et al. Jafari et al. Bég et al. Ferdows & Liu obtained the similarity solutions of mixed convection heat convey in parallel surface with internal heat production  [44] . Malleswaran & Sivasankaran carried an analysis for mixed convection flow and noticed that the average heat transfer decreases with an increase in Richardson number but in general heat transfer is better at force convection mode than free convection mode  [45] . Ashraf et al. studied boundary layer flow of fluid in a porous wedge subject to Newtonian heating along heat generation or absorption  [69] . Deka   is wedge angle parameter. [78] , Yih  [79]  and Rashidi et al. Figures (1-2)  illustrate the influence of wedge angle parameter < with on velocity and temperature profile. Figure 6  drafts the non-dimensional velocity E′ for different values of suction parameter E 6 . Figures 7-8  illustrate the behavior of thermal radiation and Prandtl number on fluid flow region with M= E 6 = O = < =1. Because the prandtl number is the relation of momentum diffusivity to thermal diffusivity, when it increases then it decreases the thermal boundary layer thickness and temperature but increases thermal capacity of fluid. The important conclusions of the analysis are 1.
paper_432	And found some results; The theory of reduction of cotangent bundles developed playing an important role in solution of the general problem for reduction a single or bit type cotangent bundles for base manifolds, possibility study of Hamiltonian tubes when the simplistic manifolds is a cotangent bundles, in the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models. The Cotangent Bundles * of manifold d provides the basic model of a symplectic manifold. The total space of a cotangent bundles naturally has the structure of a symplectic manifold. Let be dimensional differentiable manifold of class ∞ and * the cotangent bundles over . Then the Cotangent Bundle has a dual space * . We can introduce the Legendre transformation we need some basic facts about the structure of the cotangent bundles * of a nd dimensional differentiable manifold . Thus,T 5 M can be identified with (1 2, , /3 2, , )* the space formula_0 , is called the cotangent space at 0; it is isomorphic to the dual * , of M . We see that(E > ) ,…, (E ) is a basis of T 5 * (M). The Cotangent Space T 5 * (M) of a manifold at 0 ∈ is defined as the dual vector space to the tangent spaceT 5 M. A dual vector space is defined as follow ∶ given an − dimensional vector space G, with basis H , I=1, 2, 3,…, , the basis J = of the dual space G * is determined by the inner product. < H , J = >= < = . The Cotangent Bundle Τ * contains the following classes of Lagrangian submanifolds; The fibers of Τ * . b) Let exp ∶ → 3 > be given by exp(% =J •" … ∈ 3 > . [9] Let (H, |,`, 0) be a locally trivial fiber space whose total space and base space are path -connected and & a pathconnected topological space. 1. 8 ' : K V → R s> ( K ), satisfying R o 8 ' u 0 ' and the equivariance property. , for K ∈ , n, ' ∈ . [6] (n, ) = ( nℎ -1 , ℎ. ), the left multiplication of : n`. (n, ) = (n`n, ). It is a smooth manifold; in fact × °→ / is the fiber bundles associated with the principal bundles → / via the H on S. The left multiplication commutes with the twist and descends to a smooth on G × °, namely n`. [n, ] = [n,`n, ] . [12] . In this part we study the symplectic geometry of cotangent -lifted action induced by a smooth proper action of a Lie group on a smooth manifold. The symplectic reduction of the cotangent bundles * Q has more structure than a symplectic manifold. ± • for some n ∈ . [12] The first result of the theory in cotangent bundles reduction, the theory developed for the problem with a single or bit type playing an important role in the solution to the general problem of a singular cotangent bundles reduction for base manifolds, Hamiltonian tubes when the symplectic manifolds is a cotangent bundles, in the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models and the first work studying symplectic normal forms in the specific case of cotangent bundles. Conclude that the theory of reduction of cotangent bundles developed playing an important role in solution of the general problem for reduction a single or bit type cotangent bundles for base manifolds and found that the phase space is the cotangent bundle T * Q of a configuration space .
paper_444	Resource constrained project scheduling problem is to make a schedule for minimizing of the completion time or total cost subject to precedence rules and resource constraints. Traditional resource constrained project scheduling problem research takes into account achieve management goal in certain environment. In this paper, for better described the uncertain resource constrained project scheduling problem, we firstly consider the uncertain resource availability project scheduling problem based on uncertainty theory. To meet the manger goals, it is assumed that the increased quantities of resource are uncertain variables and the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. One of the constraints is the finish-start precedence relationship among the project activities. The resource constrained project scheduling problem (RCPSP) takes into account the balance of makespan and total cost through resource allocation and reasonable activity schedules while the precedence constrains between the activities and resource constrains are all satisfied. Xie  [9]  supposed that the increased quantities of resource were real-value variables, and built a multi-mode resource constrained project scheduling model for minimizing both the project makespan and cost. Ma  [15]  considered resource constrained project scheduling problem with uncertain durations, and an uncertain excepted value model was built with the objective was to minimize the completion time. In this paper, we consider uncertain resource availability project scheduling problem based on uncertainty theory, in which the increased quantities of resource are uncertain variables, and the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. Then, we build a multi-objective model which is under resource and precedence rule constrained to minimize the resource cost and the project completion time. For solving the above model, the equivalent form of the model is provided and the proof is given. In order to solve the problem of time-cost trade-off in project scheduling, we consider a project which is described as an activity-on-the-node network ( , ) , where = {1, 2, ⋯ , } is the set of activities and is the set of pairs of activities with precedence relations. A multi-objective programming model is built under the resource restricts and precedence rules of activities constrains in order to balance the completion time and the total cost of the project. (2)  Suppose that the increased quantities of resource are independent uncertain variables with regular uncertainty distributions. The uncertain resource constrained time-cost trade-off problem can be described as following optimization model: formula_0 In the above model, objective ○ 1 is to minimize the project total completion time; Objective ○ 2 is to minimize the expected project total cost which consists of the activity cost and the additional resource cost. Constraint ○ 4 reflects that for any time # and each resource type , the demand for resources shall not exceed the total supply of resources with at least given confidence level < = . Constraint ○ 6 shows the range of decision variables. In order to transform the model into deterministic form, we introduce the following several theorems. [16]  Let G be an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution H. If the excepted value exists, then +IGJ = K Φ MA (<) A = <. (2) For instance, let G be a linear uncertain variable, it has inverse uncertainty distribution H MA = (1 − <)N + <O. Then excepted value of G is formula_1 Theorem 2. [16]  Let G A , G P , ⋯ , G ) be independent uncertain variables with regular uncertainty distributions H A , H P , ⋯ , H ) , respectively. If the function Q(R A , R P , ⋯ , R ) ) is strictly increase with respect to R A , R P , ⋯ , R S and strictly decreaseing with respect to R STA , R STP , ⋯ , R ) , then formula_2 holds if and only if formula_3 To solve the model (1), according to the operational law of uncertain variables, we transformed it into its equivalent form, as shown below. formula_4 Proof: Because is an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution Φ , and formula_5 by the definition of uncertain variable  [16] , we know that ? is formula_6 By Theorem 1, we know that the excepted value of ? By Theorem 2, we have ∑ ∈8 9 − − Φ MA (1 − <) ≤ 0，  (12)  i.e. formula_10 Therefore, the model (1) is equivalent to the model (2). In the real-life project, due to the influence of uncertain environment, managers should consider the trade-off between the completion time and cost. By describing the increased quantities of resource as uncertain variables, an uncertain resource constrained project scheduling problem is discussed in this paper. Then an uncertain optimal model was built with objective of minimizing the completion time and the cost with resource constrained based on uncertainty theory. To solve this model, we transformed the uncertain model into equivalent form and proved it. Finally, we used genetic algorithm to search quasi-optimal solution of the model and gave a numerical example to illustrate the validity of the model.
paper_462	Through improving the conditions of enrollment, innovating the training mode, adjusting the award marks and improving the system guarantee, it has effectively constructed the professional degree education of master of clinical medicine and standardized resident training. Since the implementation of the new training mode, the quality of postgraduate training has been significantly improved, the employment rate of graduates has been steadily improved, the influence of the school has been expanded, and the experience for relevant units to carry out the reform of postgraduate training mode of clinical medicine master's degree has also been provided for reference. In view of the main problems existing in clinical master education, the school has carried out a series of reforms and explorations on the organic link between clinical master education and standardized resident training (hereinafter referred to as standard training). To solve these problems, the Academic Degree Committee of the State Council officially launched the pilot work of clinical medicine professional degree in 1998. The development of postgraduate education of clinical medicine degree in China is faced with the characteristics of short time, complex training objects, multiple administrative departments involved in medical degree education, and diversified training channels  [2] . It has effectively solved the problems of imperfect training mode of clinical master, lack of mature training mode of high-level clinicians, low overall training quality of clinical master, inability of clinical master to apply for the qualification of practicing doctor, difficulty of effective connection with regular training, difficulty of seamless connection between professional degree education and industry admission standards, and inadaptability of current management system and mechanism to professional degree postgraduates. The system reform of training mode for clinical master of Medical University has effectively solved the problem of insufficient practical ability of clinical master, and has realized the degree education and professional qualification recognition of clinical medicine specialty. The school accurately grasps the law of professional degree postgraduate education, changes the concept of professional degree postgraduate education, and orientates the training purpose of clinical master as "training doctors who can really see a doctor", aiming to improve the clinical practice ability of postgraduates as the main objective, and is in line with the training goal, thus laying a solid foundation for the organic connection between the two. The school has consulted with the industry authorities for many times and actively strived for it, which has been strongly supported by the industry authorities at higher levels. First, after one year's clinical training in the tertiary and first-class affiliated hospitals of the school, the clinical master who has not obtained the license of a licensed doctor is allowed to apply for the qualification examination of a licensed doctor, which solves the contradiction that the clinical master cannot obtain the license of a licensed doctor during the period of study  [5] . The second is to allow the registration of licensed physicians from other places to the relevant departments of our university, which solves the problem of registering candidates who have obtained licenses for licensed physicians from different places in our school. Thirdly, we allow our clinical master not to take the entrance examination, but to be directly incorporated into the standardized resident training system, so that they can participate in the standardized resident training. The above policy support ensures that our clinical master can fully participate in clinical practice skills training and ensure the quality of training. Under the above policy guarantee, the clinical master trained by the school has the dual status of postgraduate and regular trainee. In order to effectively improve the quality of clinical master training and strengthen the management of clinical rotation process, the school has set up postgraduate management offices in clinical colleges, implemented the system of professional degree tutorial group, and established three-level management systems of schools (graduate schools), departments (graduate management offices) and clinical departments (tutorial groups)  [6] . The Graduate Management Department of the Department organically integrates the training of clinical master's degree, the training of seven-year students' master's degree, and the application of resident doctors for master's degree related to the work of degree award, and arranges the clinical training and clinical competence assessment of clinical master's degree as a whole. The tutorial responsibility system is applied in postgraduate training, but after clinical master's enters the clinical rotation, many times are not in the Department where the tutor is located, and there is a problem that no one manages the professional degree students when they rotate in the clinical departments outside the department  [7] . To ensure the quality of clinical master's training, the school has set up a guidance group composed of the first tutor and rotating responsibility tutor. Effective management during the transition period. In order to consolidate the reform results of the training mode of clinical master, gradually standardize the management system and continuously improve the quality of training, the school continuously improves the rules and systems around the education of clinical master, covering the methods of re-examination admission, the quantitative assessment of the selection of tutors, the training program, the tutor group system, the curriculum, the professional course examination, the assessment of clinical ability, the regulation of publishing papers, the management of research funds and institutions  [8] . The deputy chief physician who meets the age requirement can recruit professional degree postgraduates, and more than two postgraduates must have one professional degree. Postgraduates with licensed doctor qualification and independent bed management are awarded 500 yuan in schools and hospitals, 500-1000 yuan in departments and tutors, and 2000-3000 yuan in living allowance per month for each clinical master. Therefore, the school has improved the conditions for applying for clinical master's examination, so that it is consistent with the admission conditions of residents' standardized training: undergraduate majors should be clinical medicine, full-time national education series undergraduate graduates, to obtain bachelor's degree. After the admission of clinical master, the school will submit the list to Chongqing Municipal Health Bureau, and register it to Chongqing Municipal Health Bureau resident standardized training registration system without test. It is closely related to clinical practice. Thirdly, according to the requirements of standardized resident training, and with the cooperation of training bases, starting from medical ethics, medical ethics, laws and regulations, professional ethics and basic clinical skills, we will offer lectures on medical law, applied psychology, humanistic literacy and doctor-patient communication to comprehensively improve the comprehensive quality of clinical master. System The secondary schools awarded professional degrees in clinical medicine in our university are all the standardized training bases for residents in Chongqing. The secondary clinical colleges are responsible for both the health bureau, the training of residents and the school, and the training of postgraduates with professional degrees. According to whether the students have obtained the certificate of licensed physician, they are divided into two levels, and different awarding standards are formulated. The first stage of clinical rotation is one and a half years after enrollment, which is arranged by the management departments of clinical colleges. Therefore, according to their own characteristics, each unit has formulated a variety of assessment indicators system, and its level is uneven, resulting in different clinical ability of clinical master. The Interim Measures for the Implementation of the Regulations on Academic Degrees of the People's Republic of China promulgated in 1981 stipulates that before the postgraduate's reply, the degree-granting unit shall employ one or two experts from the disciplines concerned with the thesis to review the thesis. There are three difficult problems in the training process of master's degree postgraduates of clinical medicine specialty: first, the graduates of clinical medicine specialty with bachelor's degree must work in medical institutions for one year before they can apply for the qualification of practicing physician; second, the graduates with bachelor's degree can't obtain the qualification certificate of practicing physician and can't carry out clinical training; third, some of the graduates with bachelor's degree must work in medical institutions for one year. The school has won the strong support of the higher authorities, and all the above problems have been effectively solved. This model is based on practice in an all-round way, does not need the national single enrollment index, does not need the national special allocation, has the characteristics of innovation, practicability, commonality, feasibility, and has the realistic basis for comprehensive promotion and implementation. The school has thoroughly reformed the training mode of clinical master, organically docked school education with post-graduation education and lifelong education, promoted the seamless docking of professional degree education with industry access standards, accelerated the internationalization process of higher medical personnel training mode, and formed a new systematic training mode for clinical doctors, which has great application value in the whole country. Benefit. The school has set up a clinical medical degree supervision group, which is specially responsible for the supervision of the training process of clinical master's degree. In view of the characteristics of clinical master's degree, the school has established a funding system different from academic degree postgraduates. It has overcome many obstacles and steadfastly promoted the reform. Over the past five years, the reform has achieved fruitful results and basically achieved the expected goals. The main results are as follows: This model is in line with the reality of the development of medical and health care and higher education in China. It has been highly valued by the Ministry of Education and the Health Planning Commission, and has the realistic conditions for its promotion and implementation throughout the country. The employment rate of graduates has been guaranteed to be 100% for a long time. They have trained a large number of high-level applied medical talents for Chongqing and the whole central and Western regions, promoted the development of health undertakings in the central and Western regions, and produced remarkable economic and social benefits  [16] . Since the implementation of the reform of the training mode of clinical master, the combination of degree education and vocational education in our school has become closer. Since the reform of training mode, the enrollment of clinical masters in our university has been increasing rapidly. We should build "five guarantees", innovate the management system and mechanism, and ensure that the reform is in place. It has effectively solved the problems of imperfect training mode of clinical master, lack of mature training mode of high-level clinicians, low overall training quality of clinical master, inability to apply for the qualification of licensed physician, difficulty in effectively linking up with regular training, and difficulty in seamlessly linking professional degree education with industry access standards. Chongqing Medical University combines many years of clinical master's education practice, highlights its own characteristics, gives full play to the advantages of running a school, and strives to solve the problem of linking professional degree education with vocational qualification certification. Through a series of reforms, it has achieved relatively ideal results and accumulated rich experience in reform. It hopes that through continuous exploration and reform, it can play a role in attracting more brothers. The unit pays attention to the degree education of clinical medicine specialty, strengthens the exchange study, improves the quality of medical higher education in our country, realizes the seamless connection between degree education of clinical medicine specialty and professional qualification certification, and explores the new mode of integrating medical education of our country with international practice.
paper_476	The results show that: (1) The cost and resources operational efficiency are closely related to the order splitting ratio under the same delivery frequency; (2) The delivery frequency has different effects on the operational efficiency of the resources in different links. (3) Through the proper splitting and loading of orders, staff scheduling, and area adjustment of delivery station, the optimal delivery frequency can be achieved under the balance of cost and resource operational efficiency. In order to reduce the operating costs of logistics enterprises on the basis of ensuring service levels, one should first properly allocate the amount of orders and splitting ratios to achieve an economic increase in the delivery frequency. As the volume of orders and consumers' demand of rapid delivery services increasing, express companies are required to increase the daily delivery frequency to cope with the pressure of delivery during peak period and meet the consumers' needs effectively. The order volume, the orders' splitting ratio, the operational efficiency of delivery resource and the delivery costs will affect the delivery frequency. At present, the researches on delivery frequency, resource operation efficiency and cost utilization were mainly focusing on the following two aspects: (1) Delivery efficiency improvement through the choice of delivery model, And (2) Delivery link optimization. That research explored three scenarios, which are joint delivery, autonomous delivery, and third-party delivery, which also pointed out that, in order to improve delivery efficiency, enterprises should adequately consider relevant factors such as own resources, competitors' delivery strategies, and urban transport policies before determining delivery methods. Wang Wei  [17]  analyzed the advantages and disadvantages of self-operated, outsourced, and federated modes in ecommerce delivery model, and constructed a system dynamics model for the combination selection of delivery modes by selecting six core factors, which can provide decision-making advice for managers to improve the delivery efficiency. Hongtao Yang and Jianbang Du  [19] [20] [21]  uses system dynamics to analyze the problems of supply chain and delivery efficiency from the perspectives of transportation routes, drivers and cooperation agreements, and its sensitivity analysis provides some reference to this paper for the corporate in this case to improve the delivery efficiency. Lin Wanting [22]  considers the phenomenon of unfilled orders, information leakage, and product damage which exists in crowdsourcing delivery, then built system dynamics model from five dimensions of reliability, responsiveness, assurance, empathy and security, which provide decision-making advice for enterprise delivery efficiency management. Then, it establishes a simulation model for the operation of the delivery system on the base of system dynamics. Next, it uses the simulation model to study the effect of changes in delivery frequency on delivery costs and resource operation efficiency under different quantity of delivery orders. Secondly, it constructs subsystems of cost and resource operation efficiency for the delivery activities in the boundary. Next, it analyzes the interaction between delivery frequency, cost, and resource efficiency, and builds dynamics simulation model to get the equilibrium of cost and resource operation efficiency under different delivery frequency. The relationship of the workflows in the delivery system is shown in  Figure 1 . As shown in  Figure 1 , JDL delivery process nodes in the area include: warehouses, three sorting centers and two delivery stations; resources include: storage facilities, sorting facilities, various transport vehicles and delivery workers. The delivery cost mainly includes the equipment usage costs and labor costs in the three stages of sorting, transportation and terminal delivery. The variable costs occurred due to the volume of orders, which include operating cost of the sorting equipment, rental cost of the site, units fixed cost of transport vehicle, fuel costs, toll and so on. The on-site logistics personnel is the person who puts the sorted goods into a mail packages and places them on a pallet and then sends it to the transportation vehicles. This article considers the utilization efficiency for the facilities, personnel, and technology such as turnover rate of transportation vehicles, the utilization rate of delivery site, and the delivery personnel loading rate, etc., which are put into the sorting, transportation, and terminal delivery links. The utilization rate of transportation vehicles is calculated by dividing the actual traffic volume at each sorting center by the vehicle capacity. The personnel load rate in the process is calculated by dividing the actual workload by the authorized workload. The increase in the delivery frequency will result in the following two changes: first, the increase in consumer satisfaction; second, the corresponding changes in the cost and resources operational efficiency. At the same time, the factors such as sorting time requirements, proportion of per-order batch, efficiency of the delivery personnel, and unit fuel consumption of the vehicle, will have a direct impact on the delivery frequency. After that, the validity of the model was verified though the error analysis by comparing the simulation data and actual operational data, which includes the average cost of sorting, transportation and terminal delivery. Different delivery frequencies have different splitting ways of total order quantity per day. On the other hand, the cost index was calculated based on the summed number of shipments as JDL adopts single-batch delivery. The delivery frequency in scenarios 2 and 3 was increased by 9.5% over that in scenario 1. In scenarios 2 and 3, when the order quantity was lower than 3,500, the differences between the total delivery costs in Operational Efficiency: A Case Study of Jingdong Logistics different scenarios were very small; when the order quantity was higher than 3,500, the increased rate of cost in scenario 3 was higher for a while than that in scenario 2. The reason is that in scenario 3 the sorting center dispatched more vehicles in advance, which increased the cost of transportation. Since the difference in total delivery cost between the two scenarios was not significant and scenario 2 is better than scenario 3, scenario 3 will be neglected in the following analysis. After the order volume reached 5,100, the total delivery cost in scenario 4 showed a downward trend and reached the minimum. Within the orders volume ruled in this paper, the delivery frequency and the cumulative delivery costs are positively correlated. The four scenarios showed a lower average unit cost when the order quantity was around 4,700 units indicating that this order quantity was a batch of economic orders. In  Figures 10 and 11 , it can be seen that the sorting cost of scenario 2 increased by an average of 157 yuan per day compared to scenario 1, which was due to the increase of delivery Higher frequency led to an increase in the total working time of sorting equipment and equipment costs. This is because that under the current total delivery volume, the order quantity after splitting in the scenario 4 was higher. The difference of average unit sorting costs among scenarios 1, 2 and 4 decreased as the order increased, which is because the change in the sorting costs under different order quantities was small and the difference in the delivery order quantity increased. Due to the splitting of order, the transportation costs of scenarios 2 and 4 remained unchanged when the order volume was small. In scenarios 2 and 4 the orders can be met by just increasing the frequency of existing vehicles, however, in scenario 1, new vehicles were needed to meet the transportation needs, which resulted in higher transportation costs. The main reason is that the increase in the delivery frequency improved the demand for the number of delivery personnel and caused the delivery time of delivery personnel to be shorter in a single batch. The vehicles utilizations of the three sorting centers in scenario 1 showed the first drop point when the order volume was 2530, 2567, and 2350, and the second drop point occurred at 5000, 5200, and 4800. The vehicle utilization efficiency for the three sorting centers in scenario 4 increased with the order volume since only one transportation vehicle was required to be dispatched from each sorting center within the current order volume. As a result, the company had to increase the number of delivery personnel and the area of shipments. The results of this study indicate that under the impact of order volume there is no fixed relationship between delivery frequency with delivery cost and resource operational efficiency. With the same delivery frequency, the orders splitting ratio influences delivery cost and resource utilization efficiency significantly. The change of delivery frequency has different effects on the resource operational efficiency in different stages of the delivery process. With the same delivery frequency, different order splitting ratios affect delivery cost and resource operational efficiency. Therefore, JDL needs to consider the increase in delivery frequency, the increase in delivery costs, the overloading of resources, and the ratio of orders and splits. For example, when the JDL order volume fluctuates between 3086-3154, one should adopt scenario 2 or scenario 3; when the order volume is greater than 5100, scenario 4 should be adopted. In the same delivery link the demand for delivery resources can be different due to different delivery operational capacities. Therefore, JDL needs to consider different constraints when making delivery frequency decisions. In this case, if scenario 2, 3, or 4 is adopted, one can increase the total number of order shipments by 2,400, 1,400, and 4,450 units respectively without increasing the number of transport vehicles. When the delivery frequency is increased from 3 times per day to 4 times per day, scenario 3 should be adopted from the perspective of increasing consumer satisfaction; scenario 2 should be adopted when the area of delivery stations and the delivery personnel are tight. The delivery frequency has different effects on the resource operational efficiency in different delivery stages. Therefore, JDL should combine the simulation results with the actual situation before making the delivery frequency decision.
paper_479	Handwriting is also a key element in document examination as it leaves a forensic document examiner with the task of determining who the writer of a particular document is and this is achieved through the likelihood ratio (L R) paradigm. From the research carried out, it can be concluded that modeling an individual's handwriting is a crucial factor in achieving a full likelihood ratio, little/or no inconclusiveness in result reporting and a less degree of disagreements for handwriting identification in a forensic environment. The likelihood ratio paradigm has been studied as a means for quantifying the strength of evidence for a variety of forensic evidence types in handwriting and other types of forensic evidence such as earmark, speech, footprint, fingerprint, glass fragments and DNA  [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] . For the handwriting evidence, previous literatures reported many factors and the inability of the forensic examiner to model the writing profile of a writer because it is often believed that an individual's writing profile is a latent characteristic that cannot be observed directly, and is not easily modeled because an individual's writing profile cannot have static characteristics and may change over time  [9] [10] [11]  which has resulted to adopt ad-hoc methods to compute likelihood  [9, 12, 13]  when full likelihood ratio is not achievable. The purpose of this paper is to illustrate how neural network approach to comparative handwriting analysis can greatly affect the outcome of a forensic investigation and make full likelihood ratio achievable. The novelty of our proposed implementation relies on natural handwriting samples over a period of six months from known individuals to form the database to model the writing profile for each writer. The task of verification, which is to determine whether two writing samples compared side-by-side, originates from the same person, was the principal problem addressed. A statistical model for writer verification was developed; it allows computing the likelihood ratio based on a variety of different feature types. [17]  based their approach on distribution of measurements from comparing items but their approach was similar to that of marginal L R when full L R was not an option due to the presence of nuisance parameter. [19]  described a statistical model for the writer verification task to determine if two documents were written by the same writer, their model followed the scenario proposed by  [17]  thus suffers from the same weakness  [20]  presented one conceivable way to deal with gauge a probability proportion in near handwriting analysis was delineated. The oddity of the methodology depends on producing reproduced composing samples from an accumulation of composing samples acquired from a realized source to frame a database for evaluating the dissemination related with the numerator of a L R . In a related work, similar examination of probability proportion based proof appraisal strategies in both evaluative and analytical procedures was carried out using a sample collected from female and male author. Assessment of signature handwriting evidence through score-based likelihood ratio based on comparative measurement of relevant dynamic features was carried out by  [22, 9]  presented score-based approaches to calculating forensic probability ratios that have been established as becoming more progressively common in forensic literature. [23]  Asserted that recent analytical developments paired with modern statistical computational tools have led to the proliferation of adhoc techniques for quantifying the probative value of forensic evidence. Back Propagation Neural Network (BPNN) served the sake of supervised learning of the system. Various things come together to form a BPNN, such as hundreds of single units, artificial neurons or processing elements (PE), connected to coefficients (weights), which represent a neural structure and are organized in layers. The transition of the neuron functions determines the behavior of the neural networks, the laws of learning and the structure itself. The weighted number of the inputs is the activation of the neuron. The activation signal is passed through the transfer feature to produce a single neuron output. Transfer function can add non-linearity to the network. In addition, that each individual's writing pattern was modeled using BPNN with the algorithm below, as BPNN can combine and incorporate both literature-based and experimental data to solve problems. The feature information extracted from student handwriting through LBP was entered in NN through input layer and the participation of each class of character variables is calculated by the hidden layer of the network using: formula_1 net j is ith type of factor, n is the number of factors in net i , & ' ! weight-recognition factor with weight ! " . This study used a network concealed with n input points, k 1 and k 2 hidden, and m output units. The weight from input points i and two hidden unit j is ! " and ! ( . Weight from second hidden unit i and output unit j is ! ) . Weight of additional edge for each unit is bias− θ, where input unit and output vector from the hidden layer are expanded with a 1 component as seen in  Figure 2 . Weight from the constant 1 and two hidden unit j is #$",*"  formula_2 Step 2: Backpropagation to the output layer This research looked for the first partial derivatives 12 1 ! ) If L R value greater than 1 H p is true If L R value less than 1 H p is false. An inconclusive state is declared if and only if L R value = 1 With the BPNN algorithm to model handwriting pattern for each writer and L R estimation described in  [10]  this paper was able to deal with the problem of inconclusiveness as there was no inconclusive results reported in the investigation, determine who the writer of a questioned document is as well as eliminate the inclusion of parameters considered nuisance in investigation because each writer's handwriting profile could be ascertained due to the BPNN training of the Handwriting categories. This research shows that modeling handwriting pattern for a writer is an important factor in achieving a full L R which will eliminate the use of nuisance parameters in the computation process, lower the disagreement rate with respect to the Hypothesis in support of the prosecutor and also produce no inconclusive result after estimation of L R .
paper_492	Based on known functions of neuroscience the neural network that performs serial parallel conversion and its inverse transformation is presented. The activity of the upper neural networks changes in response to the context structure inherent in the time series data and have both function of accepting and generating of general time series data. Eating behavior in animals in the early stages of evolution is also processing time series data, and it is possible to predict behavior although be limited short term by learning the contextual structure inherent in time series data. Although status of nervous system of the animal change according to the recognition by sensory organ and to the manipulation of the object by muscle in the vicinity of the animal itself, the evolved animals have in addition another nervous system so-called long-term memory or episodic memory being involved experience and prediction. By hierarchical connection of the circuits, it is possible to accept and generate general time series data. The nervous system related to short-term memory is activated in synchronization with environmental events, but the nervous system involved in long-term memory is highly layered to form an image corresponding to past and future events. Whether the eating behavior is evaluated as intellectual behavior aside, it is possible to mimic this degree of behavior by electronic work at the junior high school level by combining sensors and logic ICs. In the following, rather than the engineering usefulness, to extend the function of the circuit according the evolution of the neural system of the animal. The eating behavior of animals evolved from the aforementioned animals is composed of time series of actions such as extending arms toward the target, opening the palm of hand when approaching the target, closing the palm to grasp the target and bringing to the mouth. The recognition technology of the figure has evolved by the neural network which starts with the perceptron, but it is forced to judge by the relation of the part and the whole as in the example of kanji when the scale of the figure increases. In other words, a trade-off is made between the recognition power of the part in the complex figure recognition and the processing power of the data sequence of the recognition result, and by learning the animal might got the most efficient processing method. It is desirable that the behavior of any neural network system can be expressed by combinations of the simple action parts of animals in the early stages of evolution. In this chapter, it is presented that arbitrary time series data can be divide into basic sequences as the logical basis of neural networks. Finally, it shows the hierarchically connected neural network that can process for general time series data. The neural circuit corresponding to each basic subsequence can be easily configured in the neural network, leading to the realization of processing by hardware of general time series data. Because the elements activated by c 1 is randomly connected to input, not all elements activated by c 0 are additionally activated. Other portion will return to the initial state because no activation factors (may be activated by another time series data). The number and their position of the activated elements is the conversion output corresponding to the serial input  [1] . In the neural network shown in  Figure 2 , the elements are activated one after another by the time series data (in this case, the basic subsequence) from below, and the result is output upward. Its output is the result of the serial parallel conversion, it is the result of AND logic of the output of the activated elements. Therefore, the couplings between the elements are enhanced (Hebb rule) by repeating this conversion, as a result the elements involved in the conversion will be activated by only receiving the first element of the time series data. This operation is a generation of (learned) time series data. On the flow direction of data, this parallel to serial conversion is upside down with the serial to parallel conversion described above, but the basis of neural network operation is the same. When the state transition diagram of the  Figure 3  is seen as a serial parallel conversion, the bottom is inputs connected to such sensory organs. After the first data reception, the connected elements are activated as described above. The essence of the neural network which performs the parallel serial conversion and the neural network which performs the serial parallel conversion is the same except that the conversion result comes out downward or upward. On other words, both operations of the serial parallel conversion and the reverse conversion are essentially the same on the point both operations are triggered by the first data and proceed waiting for input state change. For each basic subsequence a neural network that accepts and generates the basic subsequence is considered. Since general time series data is consisted of hierarchy of basic subsequences, basic units can process general time series data by identifying the outputs of lower layer basic units as the new time series data. Animal's behavior is considered a time series data consisted of the data that is couple of behavior data and received data. The time series data handled in the first 2 steps are consists of various stimuli of the internal and endocrine system, as well as data that captured by sensory organ from the environment in which the animal is placed. After time sequence data learning, animals are possible to quickly start the operation that continues only by receiving the beginning of the time series data to be corresponding a slight sign. In brief, images were advantageous even if an organism were not conscious of the images formed within it. Animals in the early stages of evolution will spend most of their living time obtaining food and avoiding danger. Animals with some evolved sensory organs must recognize, for example, environmental changes from sunrise to sunset as repetitions of a time series data. One of the factors that made the language possible to dramatically expand the range of expression is that it can be used as expression of object even if it is not near. For example, a family might have conversation like this toward you who is about to have a birthday the next day. "Tomorrow I'd like to buy a birthday cake at Store A to celebrate you with everyone." "Let's ask store A to put a chocolate plate on the cake with your name on it." And you'll think of the shape of the cake and the action of lifting the chocolate plate and mouthing it. On your birthday day, you may want to see the cake in front of you, identify the cake from store A, which was the one that was the subject of a conversation with your family the day before, and worry about the difference from the previous day's expectations. Because the episode about the cake is remembered, communication is possible and feelings are transmitted. One is time series data based on visual information of the cake in front of you and muscle movements that manipulate chocolate plates, which is produced by the nervous system that animals have from the early stages of evolution. The other is generated by the nervous system that is called " image" by Damasio, is time series data based on the shape of cake produced from family conversations the day before. While the behavior of the former nervous system is reflection of the visual information and movement of the objects nearby, the latter nervous system not only no needs to be synchronized with the former, but also moves independently. Like talking about your childhood while eating cake. However, if the nervous system of the episodic memory is activated by remembering the A shop and the chocolate plate while looking at the cake, the difference between reality and the expectation might become a problem. Stimulus from the sensory organs from the bottom becomes time series data and is transmitted to the upper part. The part shown in red is a part that is particularly activated, the lower red disk is the part activated by the visual data of the chocolate plate that placed in front, the upper red disk is the part that is activating by recalled episode about the chocolate plate. As a result, the shape of the chocolate in the episodic memory is identified as the thing seen in front. When studying objects that are intertwined with portion and whole system such as the nervous system, the idea of category theory can be incorporated to develop the whole without focusing on the details of the object. In neuroscience, the morphism corresponds to synapses and axons, and is responsible for the transmission of information between objects. Thus, the behavior of both categories can be migrated to each other. In this paper, short-term memory and long-term memory are both regarded as time series data brought about by activity in the brain. It is a short-term memory to be involved in the recognition and manipulation of the thing in the vicinity of the animal itself. From among the random connections, the necessary connections for the desired operation are selected and enhanced, and the target function is realized. It can be said that the essence of the logic of the operation exists not in the basic unit, but in the connecting situation among basic units selected from randomly initialized connection. Therefore, even if the circuit is partially damaged, it is possible to supplement by learning the function of the peripheral circuit is lost. From the viewpoint of neuroscience, even if there are no "parts" equivalent to the basic unit in the process of stimulation from the sensory organs propagating to the cerebral cortex, axons parallel to the propagation direction connect between the layers, and it can be said that it is a passage of serial parallel mutually converted information. Constructing neural networks based on known functions of neural circuits, including the Hebb rule, and considering the correspondence between the movements of biological neural circuits will lead to new discoveries in both fields.
paper_507	Landslide is defined as a slow to rapid downward movement of instable rock and debris masses under the action of gravity. The area chosen in the present study is Uttarkashi district of Uttarakhand, suffering from frequent landslides every year. Present study focused on the possible factors that are responsible for the landslide in hilly regions of Uttarakashi, Uttarakhand. In present study we used the already existing topographical maps, satellite imageries and field work. The main aim of present study is to integrate the result of our study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and used the output as a user friendly application using GIS which could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and% contribution of each factor for the same. In this study, layers are evaluated with the help of stability studies used to produce landslide susceptibility map by Artificial Neural Network (ANN). A three-layered ANN with an input layer, two hidden layers, and one output layer is found to be optimal. Efficiency of the application will be calculated by the help of previously acquired data of the study area at different places and then the reliability of the application will be judged. A frequently used definition of landslide is "movement of mass of rock, earth or debris down a slope" in the words of Cruden  [1] . They are the catastrophic phenomenon taken lives of many a hundred and destroyed the hard earned money, disrupting the communication facilities. The active areas include Himalayan region of India and the process of development of this region thus slows down. The recent landslide of 2012 took a heavy toll on life and property, many people lost their lives, and thousands of tourist were stranded due to disrupted communication services  [5] . The phenomenon can be easily classified and described by two nouns. The result obtained i.e. vector maps could be used for accessing the features for a particular location. Whole study of this paper is based on following objectives 1. 2. 3. Uttarkashi falls under the physiographic division (s) Rohilkhand plains, Nepal Himalayas, Ganga, Yamuna daob, Siwalik range, Kumaun Himalaya, Dhaoladhar range. Annual average rainfall observed is 1750.50mm and mean temperature 16°C. The successful landslides prediction depends on preparation of a reliable database from a reliable data source. It may be possible that any parameter is important with respect to landslide occurrence for the given area but it is also possible that the importance of same parameter is negligible for another area (Mohammad Onagh, 2012). Thus a number of thematic maps (referred to as data layer in GIS) based on the specific parameters which are related to occurrence of landslide viz. slope, aspect, lithology, rainfall, land cover etc. were generated using ERDAS and ARCGIS v. 9.3. Four control points were selected at the corner of the concerned points, the geo-referencing of these coordinates was done by finding the coordinates from the Google Earth. DEM (Digital elevation model) was obtained from BHUVAN. For the preparation of data for the susceptibility analysis, firstly the raw data has to be acquired from the reliable sources. The data that has been acquired is raw and is to be converted into the software readable form to be used in the susceptibility analysis. Four control points are selected on the four corners of the map such that the points mark the spatial extent of the whole map as shown: formula_0 . Digitization for the various shape files has then being done by retrieving the concerned shape file and the map form which digitization has to be done. An artificial neural network is a "computational mechanism able to acquire, represent, and compute a mapping from one multivariate space of information to another, given a set of data representing that mapping". Each node is a simple processing element that responds to the weighted inputs it receives from other nodes. The arrangement of the nodes is refer-red to as the network architecture (  figure 18 ). Figure 18 . In the present study we selected 107 points and all the six factors namely soil depth, soil type, rock type, land cover, slope and elevation and a excel database is created. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. In the study we used multiple layers with structure of 6 X 20 X 1 that is 6 input and 1 output neuron. ANNs can be grouped into two major forward and feedback (recurrent) networks. The data is categorized into training, testing and validation, and all the six factors namely soil depth, soil type, rock and a excel database is created. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. Since ANN does not understand the 'landslide prone' and 'non-landslide prone' region we explain it by giving value '1' and '0' respectively. However, this is possible only if we know the coefficients called weights. For this three-layered feed-forward network was implemented using the MATLAB software package. To calculate weights for different factors we have to train the network, thus interrelationship between the nodes of different factors are given. The back-propagation algorithm was then applied to calculate the weights between the input layer (6) and the hidden layer (20), and between the hidden layer (20) and the output layer (1), by modifying the number of hidden node and adjusting the learning rate (0.01). In the training process we change the weights in that way in which the network output and the true values get closer and closer to each other. For a new dataset the weights are unknown. The number of epochs was set to 3,000. Most of the training datasets met the 0.01 RMSE goal. For easy interpretation, the average values were calculated, and these values were divided by the average of the weights of the some factor that had a minimum value. Weightage of different factors are shown in table 1. This study was concerned to the region of Uttarkashi due to the limitation of resources and time, we have been able to generate the results for a limited area Rishikesh Uttarkashi-Gangotri-Gaumukh route from latitude 78°19'55.14'' to 78°47'36.27" and longitude 30°32'30" to31°1'9.33". The results are compiled below. It may be possible that any parameter is important with respect to landslide occurrence for the given area but it is also possible that the importance of same parameter is negligible for another area  [13] . Thus a number of thematic maps (referred to as data layer in GIS) based on the specific parameters which are related to occurrence of landslide viz. slope, aspect, lithology, rainfall, land cover etc. were generated using ERDAS and ARCGIS v. 9.3. We have used only six factors to limit the bulk of data. They are: 1. Slope 2. Soil depth 3. Soil texture 4. Land use 7. An artificial neural network technique was used. The back-propagation algorithm was then applied to calculate the weights between the input layer (6) and the hidden layer  (15) , and between the hidden layer (15) and the output layer (1), by modifying the number of hidden node and adjusting the learning rate (0.01). The region that is prone to landslide has been depicted by 1 and the region that is not prone to landslide has been depictyed by 0. It has led us to understand the application of probabilistic approach and its success in the work. Here we have used the already existing topographical maps, satellite imageries and field work integrating them together using GIS and ANN MODEL to create a database that has generated the output for the future use. The result of present study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and presented by a landslide hazard zonation map and a user friendly application using GIS that could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and percentage contribution of each factor for the same. The reliability of ANN is high over other methods.
paper_1	Through these messages also called status updates, they share and discuss things like news, jokes, business issues and what they go through on a daily basis. These numerous amounts of information can be extracted, processed and properly utilized in areas like marketing and electronic learning. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Clustering uses unsupervised learning technique in finding similarities between data according to the characteristics found in the data and grouping similar data objects into clusters. It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . The quality of a clustering method is also measured by its ability to discover more or all the hidden patterns. This section looks at how the system for creating discussion groups was developed as well as a detailed explanation of the research method that was used to realize the objective of the study. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. The third step involved using the data already preprocessed above to train the prototype. The machine learning method used was unsupervised learning in which the system was given the data so that it automatically analyzes and creates clusters from the data  [3] . They were used to confirm that the system indeed accurately did the classification given some data items. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. The results reported in this paper were obtained from a series of evaluations that were done on the classifier on different parameters including functionality, usability, accuracy, precision and recall. The first task was to determine if the prototype achieved its overall goal which is grouping students through social media for electronic learning. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . In experimenting with the Naïve Bayes Classifier, we relied on the NLTK module which provides functions for calculating these measures for the classifier. The results below illustrate a summary of what was obtained when 200 tweets were used to test the Naïve Bayes Classifier. These measures can be improved if large amounts of data are used to train the classifier before being used to do actual classification. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_2	In addition to this, the current traffic light systems encourage extortion by corrupt traffic officials as commuters often violate traffic rules because of the insufficient time allocated to their lanes or may want to avoid a long waiting period for their lanes to come up. The developed system uses a microcontroller of PIC89C51 microcontroller duly interfaced with sensors. The signal timing changes automatically based on the traffic density at the junction, thereby, avoiding unnecessary waiting time at the junction. The sensors used in this project were infra-red (IR) sensors and photodiodes which were placed in a Line of Sight configuration across the loads to detect the density of the traffic signal. These include loss of man-hours, accident, missed opportunities, noise pollution, air-pollution, increased fuel consumption, increased tendency to violate traffic rules, and in some cases extortion by corrupt traffic control officials. Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. Junction timings allotted are fixed. The proposed system would use a microcontroller of PIC family duly interfaced with sensors, to change the junction timing automatically to accommodate movement of vehicles, thereby, avoiding unnecessary waiting time at the junction. A traffic control model using signaling system in a discrete cross-road with NE-555 timer circuit was implemented by  [3] . The design had a provision for pedestrians to request for crossing the road as and when required by pressing a switch. Most of the crossings handle the automated traffic signaling using fixed duration intervals between the Red, Yellow, Green and Pedestrian Pass Signal. Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. Junction timings allotted are fixed. Raspberry pi is used as a microcontroller which provides the signal timing based on the traffic. An intelligent traffic lights control system using a Fuzzy Logic approach was developed by  [5] . Fuzzy Logic offers the possibility to 'compute with words', by using a mechanism for representing linguistic constructs common on real world problems. The algorithm implementation was done using Mathworks, MATLAB software, and the results were simulated using a Simulink Tool to create traffic scenarios and comparisons between simple time-based algorithms and the developed system. However, this system has the disadvantage of the controller since it depends on the preset quantification values for fuzzy variables  [6]  conducted a cross sectional study targeting traffic control in the city of Nairobi's Central Business District and its surroundings. For testing the adaptive traffic light controllers, a simulation system using Qt, C++ software integrated with MATLAB tools was developed. However, this method has no mechanisms for capturing traffic density and for providing a pass for emergency vehicles. The top down design approach was adopted here. The bridge rectifier consists of four single phase rectifier diodes connected together in a closed loop to form a circuit that is capable of converting AC voltage to DC voltage  [8] . Since the peak inverse voltage of the diodes has to be greater than the peak secondary voltage of the transformer, the 1N4007 silicon diode with peak inverse voltage (PIV) of 1000 Volts was used in the circuit. A capacitor is needed to effectively carry out the filtering of the rectified AC signal to eliminate ripples  [9]  and can thus be calculated using the equation below. Another purpose of an optocoupler is to prevent rapidly changing voltages or high voltages on one side of a circuit from distorting transmissions or damaging components on the other side of the circuit. This is rectified by the bridge rectifier, filtered by the capacitors to remove ripples and regulated by the voltage regulators to produce fixed value of 5 volts which is supplied to the system. It is a widely used type of electronic prototyping board characterized by a 0.1-inch rectangular grid holes with parallel strips of copper cladding running in one direction all the way across one side of the board. The PIC Microcontroller was programmed using Embedded C language. Simulation was done via Proteus software. From the test carried out on the circuit, it was observed that the LEDs with the same color have equal timing, and that each pole of the four traffic light controlling poles, switches sequentially and repetitively until the circuit is disconnected from power. One of such systems is the automatic signaling using IR sensors and Microcontroller. The sensors help in keeping count of vehicles entering roads and the microcontroller subsequently allots time delay thereby giving accurate priority to each road. This new design would further reduce time delay, improve efficiency and reduce accidents by incorporating the following modifications: (1) The Airport -PTI road should have a two -way traffic light to pass the vehicles coming from Airport road to PTI road.
paper_3	In the beginning, a related work on the architecture trends of Web-based AEHSs is presented. They build a personalized model of the learner and apply this model to adapt the content and/or the appearance of the hypermedia, according to the learner's specific characteristics, such as the cognitive goal, level of knowledge, pre-existing or prior knowledge, interests, preferences, stereotypes, cognitive preferences and cognitive or learning style  [4] . (c) Adaptive Navigation Support: It adapts the link structure in such a way that the learner is guided towards interesting and relevant information, kept away from nonrelevant information either by suggesting the most relevant links to follow or by providing adaptive comments to visible links. (d) Meta-adaptive Navigation Support: It selects or suggests the most appropriate adaptive navigation technique that suits the given learner best relatively to the given context, either by observing and evaluating the success of each technique in different contexts and the resulting learning from these observations, or by assisting the learner in selecting the navigation technique that best suits to him or her. (h) Adaptive Collaboration Support; Adaptive Group Formation and/or Peer Help: These techniques support the collaboration process either just like the interactive problem solving support systems assist an individual learner in solving a problem, or they use knowledge about possible collaborating peers in order to form a matching group relatively to the kind of the collaborative task. The teaching strategies are based on  [9]  learning cycle and learning style model. The general purpose of the AEHS MATHEMA is to support learners through an interactive and constructivist educational environment in order to construct their knowledge in Physics and Technology, individually and/or collaboratively, and to overcome their misconceptions and/or learning difficulties AEHS MATHEMA supports adaptive and intelligent techniques, such as curriculum sequencing, adaptive presentation, adaptive and meta-adaptive navigation, interactive problem solving, and adaptive group formation. More specifically it supports: (1) adaptive presentation according to learner's learning style; (2) four adaptive navigation techniques which are direct guidance (uses a "next" button), link hiding (hide nonrelevant links), link annotation (use colors to indicate relevance), and link sorting (like in search engines); (3) a meta-adaptive navigation technique in order for the learner selects the more appropriate navigation technique that best suits him or her; (4) an interactive problem-solving method through personalized and collaborative problem-solving activities that exploits the teaching approaches of experimentation through simulations, guided inquiry and discovery, investigations and peer collaboration; and (5) a method of adaptive group formation for peer matching. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: In the section 2 related works for various models of architecture of AEHSs is presented. Most of the Internet based systems use a variation of conditional reasoning where a decision is made to organize the text differently from fragments or select from a group of whole pages or even groups of pages. This model retains in details all required information by the system from which the various decisions could be made. For the AEHSs various models of architecture have been developed so far on which the designers of these systems are based on. The rules together form the adaptation model in AHAM. Also, the rules use the user model information together with the action information in order to determine the required user model updates. In order to perform adaptation based on the domain model and user model is needed to specify how the user's knowledge influences the way in which the information from the domain model is to be presented. This is done by means of a teaching model which consists of pedagogical rules. AEHSs applications need to maintain a permanent user model. ADAPT  [7]  is an European Community funded project that aims to rectify the situation described in the introduction, by investigating current adaptive practices in various AEH environments and identifying the design patterns within them. The ADAPT project has identified high level design dimensions for AEHSs, which are: (1) context of use (CU), (2) content domain (DM), (3) instructional strategy (IS), (4) instructional view (IV), (5) learner model (LM), (6) adaptation model (AM), and (7) detection mechanism (DE). [8] presented a similar architecture in the Proper system based on the AHAM model. Proper's architecture is a combined architecture of SCORM LMS and AEHS. As shown in simplified form, in the  Figure 2 , they adopt the typical SCORM Run Time Environment (RTE) structure adding an adaptation module and extending the preexistent Domain and User Models. Thus the prototype involves four main modules: (1) The Domain Model (DM) that represents the domain knowledge of the system. (2) The User Model (UM) that represents the particular user's knowledge of the domain as well as his individual characteristics; both these models comprise the Data Model of the system. 3 The Adaptation Module (AM) which interacts with DM and UM in order to provide adaptive navigation to the course, and (4) The RTE Sequencer that is triggered by course navigating controls and interacts with DM and delivers the appropriate educational content to the learner. WELSA does not store the course Web pages but instead generates them on the fly, following the structure indicated in the XML course and chapter files. This dynamic adaptation mechanism reduces the work-load of authors, who only need to annotate their LOs with standard metadata and do not need to be pedagogical experts (neither for associating LOs with learning styles, nor for devising adaptation strategies). [12] proposed a framework for AEHS (  Fig. The Application Model represents the main features of the application in terms of a model of the domain, the instructional or learning theory used and how the domain concepts are grouped into learning units. The Learner Model is the structure that contains the information on the learner's characteristics that allow the AEHS to adapt to these characteristics. The Adaptation Decision Model is responsible for deciding what the system should do in terms of presentation and navigation adaptation on the basis of the conclusions draw by the Interaction Analyzer, parameters from the Learner Model and information from the Application Model. The Presentation Generator is responsible for generating what will be presented to the learner as a result of processing the information received from the Adaptation Decision Model and Application Model. Additionally, the JavaBeans offer advantages of separating the programming logics from presentation, as for the Presentation Generator and the final page composition. The system then enables to present and recommends a variety of learning contents adaptively towards each of the student's learning style identified in the student model through the adaptation model. The system then analyzes the learning content on each of the learning material, and then comes up with the generated teaching strategies by means of the teaching strategy generator and fragment sorting. The adaptation model enables the system to adaptively presents the content, based on the student's learning style by combining the fragment sorting and adaptive annotation technique. MySQL is the database of choice since there is extensive experience on Campus and provides the ability to implement adaptation rules. In the context of JSP pages, JavaBeans components contain business logic that returns data to a script on a JSP page, which in turn formats the data returned from the JavaBeans component for display by the browser. The Apache Struts is a formalized framework for the architecture style design pattern Model View Controller (MVC). It is a set of pedagogical rules that combine the learner's model with the domain knowledge for adaptive performance. The didactic design of the AEHS MATHEMA supports learners in constructing knowledge, choosing and achieving their learning goals, recognizing what they have already learned and what they are capable to do, and judging personal progress of their learning. A component of an adaptive educational system is the representation of knowledge. The domain knowledge of the AEHS MATHEMA is the basis of the system's adaptation. Student model contains information about student characteristics that allows the system to make adjustments using these characteristics. The model that supports the AEHS MATHEMA is the overlay model. It maintains the model of each learner, working in the system, and updates it throughout the duration of the interaction. The characteristics that the system maintains in learner model for each learner are: name, gender, username, password, learning style, level of knowledge for each cognitive goal (general performance), level of knowledge for each basic meaning of the cognitive goal (quantitative and qualitative characterization), concepts that have been successfully evaluated for each cognitive goal, current page, current teaching method, current navigation technique, navigation history, meta-adaptive navigation status, initial Web experience and knowledge level (pre-existing knowledge) in the current cognitive goal, ways of presenting feedback messages, preference for assistance by Advisor in terms of its navigation, course sequence, and phases of the guided dialogues in interactive problem solving process in which each learner participates. The learner during the study selects the cognitive goal he or she wishes to study, following his or her personal course in the educational content, exploits the system's assistance, navigating and studying, is informed about the information that the system maintains, who can change them by intervening and directing the system's adaptation in this way, in terms of curriculum sequencing, adaptive presentation and navigation and adaptive group formation, selects his or her learning style, selects the navigation technique, activates and deactivates the curriculum sequencing, selects the way that the feedback messages are presented, changes his or her knowledge level for each basic concept of the cognitive goal, and activates-deactivates the Advisor. Figure 6  shows a snapshot of the page showing the characteristics of the learner model where the learner can be informed about them but also modify them. The adaptation engine decides on adaptive presentation and navigation in relation to Student, Domain and Didactic models. The system, during the learner's study, monitors his or her interactions with the system and his or her assessment and accordingly updates the links to the course material provided and/or adapts learning material to learner according to his or her learning style. It is the second level meta-adaptation engine that is responsible for monitoring the cognitive improvement of the learner in the cognitive goal that he or she studies, after n successful evaluations of his or her knowledge in basic concepts, showing him or her advantages and disadvantages of the four navigation techniques that it supports. In AEHS MATHEMA, meta-adaptive navigation works as follows: The first time that the learner enters the system, he or she is asked to state his or her Web experience and level of knowledge in the cognitive goal he chose to study (preexisting knowledge). Following the learner's statement, the system suggests the most appropriate navigation technique to him or her, taking into account the level of his or her Web experience and his or her level of knowledge in the subject he or she chose to study as follows: (1) Direct guidance: Little or no Web experience and little or no knowledge of the cognitive goal. The meta-adaptation engine proposes to the learner to change the navigation technique if he or she wishes after n successful assessments of the basic concepts of a cognitive goal he or she studied, showing him or her the pros and cons and additional information on each of four navigation techniques, and the learner decides whether to change it or not. Figure 7  shows a snapshot of the meta-adaptation result. It includes the content of the JSP pages, Java servlets responsible for feedback and creation of guided dialogs in problem-solving, Java servlets for creating evaluation questionnaires, and so on. It is responsible for what will be presented to the learner as a result of the processing of the information that arrives from the adaptation engine, the meta-adaptation engine, adaptive group formation module, and application module. In this module there is the basic servlet, which deals with the presentation of the training material and other JSP pages and servlets, such as the page and the corresponding servlet to inform the learner about the characteristics of all learning styles, the servlet for the curriculum sequencing, the servlet for selecting and presenting the concept that the student selects to study according to his or her learning style, etc. More specifically it: (1) initializes and updates the Student Model; (2) collects and stores the data that the learner answers to open-ended questions, entries in tables, registers in notes, etc; (3) monitors the interactions between the learner and the system to get information about his or her choices in terms of the questionnaires, the phases of guided dialogs, the links, the options for meta-adaptive navigation, the visited pages, and more. Following a study  [13]  conducted on the formation adaptive groups in the MATHEMA, it was decided that: when the system creates a priority list of candidate peers for an interested learner, in the first and second position of the priority list, the algorithm will place the candidate collaborators with a concrete or abstract style and with the same active or reflective dimension of their learning style as follows: If the learner has a concrete learning style, then the algorithm will place the candidate collaborators with a concrete learning style in the first position, and in the second position, the candidate collaborators with an abstract learning style. Figure 10  shows a snapshot of adaptive group formation in the MATHEMA. The collaboration protocol that uses the synchronous communication tool is as follows: (1) The learner declares willingness to collaborate either by selecting his or her partner from the priority list of candidate collaborators or by declaring a desire for collaboration so that others who would like to work with him or her can choose it, while activating the synchronous communication tool. Regarding adaptive and intelligent techniques of the AEHS MATHEMA mentioned above, the students having evaluated them consider that the adaptive presentation of different teaching strategies is quite useful (93.0 percent) and fairly easy to use (86.0 percent), the different ways of navigating are quite useful (100.0 percent) and handy (90.7 percent), the meta-adaptive navigation is quite useful (88.4 percent) and fairly easy to use (86.0 percent), the adaptive group formation of collaborative teams to assist them in collaborative problem solving is useful (83.7 percent), but less user-friendly (58.1 percent). Furthermore, the presented AEHSs above have at least three main modules, such as Student Model, Domain Model, and Adaptation Model as the AEHS MATHEMA also has. The architecture of AEHSs becomes more complex as more and more functions are implemented. In order to support all these functions the architecture of the MATHEMA is more complicated from other AEHSs. In this paper the operation of each module of the system is briefly described which contributes to the required functionality of the system.
paper_21	In this paper, we present the powerful scheme ZSISMP (Zimmermann Self Invertible Stabilizer Multiplier Permutation) to attack the hardness of the minimum distance search problem of BCH codes. This scheme consists in evaluating the minimum distance of the reduced dimension sub code fixed by a Self Invertible Stabilizer Multiplier Permutation by Zimmermann algorithm. In  [10] , Augot and Sendrier found idempotent codewords of minimum weight for several primitive narrow-sense BCH codes. The artificial intelligence Simulated Annealing presented in  [16] , Tabu Search  [17] , Hill-Climbing  [18] , Genetic Algorithm  [18] [19] , Ant Colony Optimization  [20] , Metropolis Algorithm  [21] , was shown to be useful to attack the difficulty of the minimum distance search problem for BCH Codes. Unlike classical techniques based on exhaustive or partial enumeration of codewords, Berrou in  [23]  has presented an efficient approach based on the notion of Error Impulse response of a Soft-In decoder. This approach consists in adding to all-zero codeword a level of noise and considering the minimum distance as the smallest level of noise from which the Soft-In decoder fails in correction. The proposed method MIM-RSC, has allowed an efficient local search and therefore finding the true minimum distance of some BCH codes of length 1023 and 2047 as well as obtaining good results in comparison with the previous works presented in  [17-18-19-20-21-22 ]. From these stabilizers, we take only a Self Invertible stabilizer if it exist and by using a mathematical tool, we find the sub code fixed by this involution and then we evaluate the minimum distance by using the famous Zimmermann algorithm. This section presents the proposed scheme for finding the lowest weight in BCH codes. This section presents a validation of the proposed method on BCH codes of known minimum distance and its application for finding the minimum distance of BCH codes of unknown minimum distance. This section presents also a comparison between the proposed scheme and previous work on minimum distance for BCH codes. It is well known that the smallest primitive narrow-sense BCH code whose minimum distance is greater than its designed distance is BCH (127, 43, 29) and it is the only one for this length. It is known also, that All the narrow-sense primitive binary BCH codes of length 255 have their minimum distance equal to their designed distance except BCH (255, 63, 61), and BCH (255, 71, 59). In order to validate the proposed method, it is applied on all BCH codes of known minimum distance presented in table 1. the obtained results show that the minimum weight found by the proposed method is equal to the true value of the minimum distance of all BCH codes of length up to 255. Therefore, the proposed method is validated for BCH codes of lengths up to 255. These results demonstrate that the proposed scheme outperform greatly the famous Zimmermann algorithm. The table 3 presents a comparison between the proposed scheme and MIM-RSC method  [24] . It shows that the proposed scheme greatly passes the MIM-RSC method. This table shows the height capacity of the proposed technique to find a minimum weight codeword. The experimental results show that the proposed scheme outperforms several known powerful techniques.
paper_31	With the continuous improvement of human living conditions and the aggravation of global aging level, chronic diseases such as hypertension and diabetes continue to plague human health. This paper takes chronic diseases as the research object, and proposes a design of intelligent medical system for chronic diseases based on semantic matching by the adaptation of ZigBee technology in the front-end data acquisition. Through the ZigBee wireless sensor network, this system sends the physiological parameters collected by various medical sensors to the intelligent medical system, and innovatively proposes semantic matching algorithm to solve the queuing problem of data transmission, to ensure the accuracy of data transmission. This system employs the improved spatial vector model to process the data uploaded, and uses AES encryption algorithm in the process of data transmission to ensure the security of data transmission. It will cause many problems: firstly, it is unable to check the patient's continuous vital signs data; secondly, it is impossible for patients to get their own condition on time; thirdly, it is liable to doctors' misjudgment. In-depth interviews with 91 employees in different positions from 11 grassroots medical and health institutions since July 2019 show that the efficiency of mobile medical care in the surveyed areas has appeared  [2] . With the means of the Internet, with the carrier of the mobile terminal, intelligent medical treatment founded on the units of family is a new trend. For example, the General Hospital of the People's Liberation Army (PLAGH) communicated and discussed some diseases with foreign experts through satellites. The third Military Medical University studied on the home digital medical monitoring project, which designs a network system to monitor human physiological parameters using mobile terminals. For example, some domestic hospitals use Bluetooth technology to monitor the ward room. And some scholars combined Bluetooth technology with GSM short message to realize the collection and remote monitoring of physiological parameters such as blood pressure  [12]  and pulse. Chronic diseases can easily cause damage to patients' vital organs such as the brain, heart, and kidneys  [3]  to seriously affects working ability and quality of life, and its high medical expenses increases the burden of economy on society and families. With the emergence of various new telecommunication technology, scholars kept providing health care using all sorts of communication technology. Detecting physiological signals in the daily life of the population can effectively grasp the health status of the people in the area, and provide an important reference for the diagnosis and prevention of chronic diseases  [10] . In this telemedicine stage, it gradually focused more at community, families and individualized care  [11] . There are some defects of the current WITMED (Wise Information Technology of med) system as follows: (1) The inadequate reliability of data transmission. At present, ad-hoc network cannot work no matter using GPRS or WIFI devices, and only one kind of vital-sign data can be transmitted at a time. The current WITMED system focuses only on data acquisition instead of processing uploaded data and returning the result. The growing trend of WITMED system shows that a variety of health signs data will be monitored, transmitted, processed and analyzed in real time, the system can process the uploaded data. Since 2014, the central and local governments have formulated a series of policies around intelligent health care, pointing out the direction for the development and construction of it. Alibaba founded Alibaba health  [15] ; Tencent launched the first AI+ medical product Tencent Meiying in 2017; many large enterprises integrated medical resources through mergers and acquisitions to lay out the intelligent medical industry chain. Fast and correct data acquisition is the basis of the platform's efficient operation. The general technique route of the algorithm is as follows: Propose a comprehensive sorting algorithm, on the basis of semantic matching and a first-come-first-served principle. Suppose there are N pieces of information to be sent according to the messages' arriving order, divide each message into many words, and mark each word as Nm, , . Therefore, it is obvious that the matching degree is a fraction smaller than 100%. Finally, the request is inserted into the message queuing sequence by the matching degree. The general algorithm of this part is as follows: Define priority function: f x, y ax by ε, with a basic definition as follows: x: semantic matching degree, 0≤x≤1 y: a request arriving at the serial position, 0<y≤1 a is defined as the weight of semantic matching degree, 0<a<1 b is defined as the weight of serial position of Request arrives, 0<b<1, a+b=1 ε is defined as the disturbance value, 0≤ε≤0.1, with the default as 0. With the definitions above, f x, y can turn to be: f x, y ax 1 a y ε , namely f x, y y a x y ε . Generally, a is close to µ= 1 2 , formula_0 Therefore, the process of queuing algorithm based on Semantic matching is as follows: With the hypothesis that a= 1 2 (to take one half of the sum) x= 5 10 (there are 10 participles in semantic information, of which 5 are matched), y 1 (Before a new message arrives, assumes that the request queue has 10 participles waiting, then: f x, y y a x y ε =0.294, therefore, the priority value of the message is 0.294. After all the messages in the queue are calculated according to the above formula, they are inserted into the existing waiting queue indescending order. This research proposes an improved space vector model algorithm to ensure whether the patient has a related disease by the similarity between the physical signs and the disease on the basis of calculation of the sign value, continuous sign value and the disease characteristic value. An improved SVM calculation method is as follows: Definition 1 (conception): Define a tuple F= (X, Y, Z), in which x is the collection of all objects is the object property set, Z (X*Y), Z is a subset of X*Y. AES encryption process is shown in  Figure 4 : (3) column Mixed Operation The column mixed transformation is realized by matrix multiplication. The state matrix after row shift is multiplied by the fixed matrix to obtain the confused state matrix. The column mixed operation formula is shown as  Figure 6 : (4) key plus calculation Key plus calculation operates the 128 bit key is XOR bit by bit with the data in the state matrix. The process of key plus calculation can be regarded as the result of Bitwise XOR or byte level or bit level operation. After logging in the system, enter the sign input interface and put on the sensor, the system will automatically input the relevant data collected, as shown in  Figure 8 : After inputting the data of relevant signs, the system will automatically generate diagnosis & treatment files and health assessment according to the relevant data. The method of backstage data giving warnings and putting forward corresponding disposal measures by big data processing as shown in  Figure 9  is better than clustering, and the choice of Space vector model is more accurate than such models as Zigebee Health Care Profile chosen in the references. Through the big data platform, the system intuitively displays the backstage analysis data in the form of reports and trend charts as shown in  Figure 9 . In this study, a design scheme of intelligent medical system based on semantic matching is proposed, with the front-end data acquisition which adopts ZigBee technology, and a semantic matching algorithm is innovatively proposed to solve the queuing problem of data transmission to ensure the accuracy of data transmission. Through ZigBee wireless sensor network, the system sends the physical parameters collected by various medical sensors to the information control terminal, and the improved spatial vector model is employed to process the uploaded data in the process of data transmission by the intelligent data analysis platform, and the security of data transmission is ensured by adopting the AES encryption algorithm in the whole process. The intelligent system realizes the data collection of the whole process of outpatient service, examination and treatment, which can provide data support for the precise treatment of diseases.
paper_38	The study aimed to determine if any of the entry requirements such as Ordinary Level (OL) results, Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) scores or Post-UTME (PUTME) scores could predict an outstanding academic performance of first-year undergraduate students admitted into the Faculty of Science in the Kaduna State University, Kaduna. The study adopted the descriptive research design. Pearson Product Moment Correlation (PPMC) Coefficient and Multinomial Logistics Regression (MLR) were the statistics used to answer the four research questions used. The results revealed that with a weak correlation, OL is a good predictor on the CGPA, a dependent variable, for academic performance which holds true for students who are in the CGPA category of '1st class' and '2nd Class Lower' respectively. Each student is expected to have at least five credit passes in not more than two sittings in Mathematics, English Language and three other science-based subjects such as Chemistry, Biology, Physics and Geography at the Ordinary Sa'adatu Abdulkadir and Francisca Nonyelum Ogwueleka: Predicting Students' First-Year Academic Performance Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria Levels (OL) of either Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) which is conducted by West Africa Examination Council (WAEC) and National Examination Council (NECO). In Nigerian universities, an academic performance frequently is defined in connection with semester examination performance. The focus of this study is to predict full-time undergraduate students' first-year Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA), which is one of the variables for measuring the academic performance by using entry requirements, such as Ordinary Levels and UTME, for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University (KASU), Kaduna -Nigeria. The objectives of this study are to: i. The following research questions directed the study: 1. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores (average of OL results & UTME scores) of students and their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? The numerous ways of reporting academic performance include raw scores, percentages, transformed scores, or even as categorical variables such as Excellent, Merit, Very Good, Pass, First Class, Distinction, A1, B2, C4, F9, and others. The underlying assumption made in such selection is that those admitted by satisfying the admission criteria will be successful in the successive academic activities attached to their studies. The authors in  [8]  comparatively analysed the academic performance of graduates admitted through UTME and preliminary programmes (Certificate, Basic Studies and School of Science Laboratory Technology [SSLT]) in the University of Port Harcourt. Graduates with the best academic performance from the preliminary programmes were those admitted through the certificate programme. Partial Correlations Coefficient (PCC) was used in addition to PPMCC in  [12]  to predict the student's final grade in from a sample population of 306 students of Faculty of Health Sciences and Technology at the Enugu Campus of the University of Nigeria that had their final results ready and approved by Senate at the end of 2012. The author's study found that the use UTME score was a very poor predictor of students' final grades and thereby recommended that less emphasis should be placed on UTME scores as a criterion for admission of candidates into universities. The study by  [13]  found a significant relationship between students' scores in three examinations, namely: UTME, PUTME and 100-Level Psychology course, Faculty of Agriculture, Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, and thus concluded that the UTME has predictive validity for performance in the university. In contrast to the studies from the earlier mentioned authors,  [15]  investigated the relationship between 276 students' performance in the entrance examination and their performance in Mathematics in two selected Colleges of Education (CoE) in Osun and Oyo states each. This section discussed in detail the methodology employed such as research design, sample of study, instruments used, the procedure for the collection of data and data analysis. The Predictive Correlational Ex-Post Facto design was identified to be the most appropriate for the study since the results (CGPA, UTME and OL) of students in the Faculty of Science were used in reaching conclusions about the whole prediction of academic performance. The population of the study was limited to consist of all students admitted into three Faculty of Science undergraduate degree programmes of Kaduna State University for five academic sessions from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 using the OL, UTME and CGPA results. The data used in the study are the OL grades, and JAMB UTME scores obtained from the University's central database, and the academic standing of first-year CGPA results collected from the various departmental examination officers (DEOs) with the approval from the Dean of the Faculty of Science. It was used in this research study. The results of the data analysis are presented in tables according to the research questions that guided the study in this section. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores (average of OL results & UTME scores) of students and their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? For the Computer Science programme, as shown in  Table 5 , the correlation coefficient indicated a low negative correlation in UTME-CGPA (-0.092) and PUTME-CGPA (-0.001) and a low positive correlation for OL-CGPA (0.072). The indication shows that the nine correlation coefficients for this research question are very low out of which five have a low negative relationship. How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? In  Table 6 , the likelihood ratio Chi-Square of 18.723, 17.661 and 12.401 for Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics programmes with a significant value of 0.227, 0.281 and 0.414 tells us that the model as a whole does not predict the dependent variable, i.e., CGPA. A Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) was performed to model the relationship between the predictors and membership in the six groups, i.e., CGPA categories (Fail, Pass, 3 rd Class, 2 nd Class Lower, 2 nd Class Upper and 1 st Class) for each degree programme. Each of the five equations for every degree programme in  Table 7  includes the intercept and the slope for the predictors. Among the classification of degrees, each of the five subgroups for each programme, that is Pass, 3 rd Class, 2 nd Class Lower, 2 nd Class Upper and 1 st Class, are contrasted with the baseline group of 'fail' degree. These showed that the relative strengths of their OL result performance on the CGPA categories of 'Pass', '3 rd Class', '2 nd Class Lower', '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' are higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail'. This result shows that the relative strength of UTME on the former is higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' and otherwise for the latter. Finally, the slope (B) of PUTME in all the CGPA categories is negative, which shows that the relative strength of those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' is higher than the other categories. For Mathematics and Physics students the relative strength of OL, UTME and PUTME on CGPA performance are statistically insignificant except for the slope (B) of OL in the CGPA category of '1 st Class' for Mathematics students, which statistically significant. Table 8  shows the summary of correlations coefficient between OL-CGPA, UTME-CGPA and PUTME-CGPA aimed at all the degree programmes for the academic sessions ranging from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015. PPMC was used to analyse the data for this research question. How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME Sa'adatu Abdulkadir and Francisca Nonyelum Ogwueleka: Predicting Students' First-Year Academic Performance Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria scores of students predict their first-year CGPA across the academic session, 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? As shown in the Likelihood Ratio Test results in  Table 9 , the likelihood ratio Chi-Square of 37.446, 19.938, 46.141, 14.349 and 11.167 for 2010/2011, 2011/2012, 2012/2013, 2013/2014 and 2014/2015 academic sessions which has the following as significant values of 0.001, 0.174,.000, 0.499 and 0.741 tells us that the model for students admitted during the 2010/2011 and 2012/2013 academic sessions predicts the CGPA, which is the dependent variable while the other academic sessions does not. For all the academic sessions as shown on the results, the first equation intercept is the log of the ratio of the possibility of a student having a 'Pass' degree to the possibility of that student having a 'fail' degree. These show that the relative strengths of their OL result performance on the CGPA categories of 'Pass', '3 rd Class', '2 nd Class Lower', '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' are higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail'. Furthermore, the slopes (B) of UTME in the CGPA categories of the '3 rd Class' is negatively signifying that the relative strength of UTME is lower than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' and the rest are positive which signifies otherwise. The relative strength of OL, UTME and PUTME on CGPA performance of students admitted in the 2010/2011 session is not statistically significant except for the slope (B) of OL in the CGPA category of '2 nd Class Upper', which is statistically significant. As for the students admitted in the other sessions, 2011/2012 to 2014/2015, the relative strength of OL, UTME and PUTME on CGPA performance are statistically insignificant except for the slope (B) of UTME in the CGPA category of '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' for those admitted in the 2012/2013 academic session, which is statistically significant. However, by combining all the criterion variables, that is OL, UTME, and PUTME, as one variable and performing the PPMC and MLR, findings show that OL is a good predictor on the dependent variable for academic performance with a weak correlation of 0.068 which is statistically significant at 0.04 level. Although OL and UTME are still necessary as instruments for admission, it is recommended that the University be advised to include some other instruments such as senior secondary school mock examinations results for selecting candidates into any of the undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science. The authors in  [21] , in their study also recommended the need of potential researchers to compare the OL, UTME and Post UTME terms and scores across Nigerian Universities for standardisation and a model for educational development in the twenty first century.
paper_57	This paper attempts to overcome stagnation problem of Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithms. This problem has been addressed by Genetic operations (GO) incorporated into ACO framework. Crossover and mutation operations have been adapted for use with ant generated strings which still have to provide feasible solutions. Genetic operations decrease selection pressure and increase probability of finding the global optimum. Ant colony optimization represents an efficient tool for optimization and design of graph oriented problems. [2]  as Ant system (AS) algorithm. formula_0 formula_1 T k (t) is the tour generated by ant k, Q is a constant and tuple (i, j) denotes beginning and termination node of an arc. Later the ant uses probability selection rule to choose the next arc according to formula_3 where p k ij (t) is probability the ant k chooses the arc (i, j) from the neighborhood N k i of node i except the node visited previously. The probability p ij (t) of choosing the particular arc (i, j) depends on pheromone τ ij  (t)  and the heuristic η ij values which are associated with the arc (4). formula_4 Symbols α and β are weight parameters and represents balance between ant's gathered knowledge and the user preferred area. Heuristic values η ij affect probability only at the beginning when pheromone values are low. The stagnation avoidance mechanism (ii) is based on the comparison of a randomly generated quantity q ∈ (0,1) with probability p k ij (t) of selected arc. This occurs in later stages of the search process, where pheromone values tend to be high, and thus the chance of further exploration is low. The original GA is known as simple genetic algorithm (SGA). GA belongs to adaptive stochastic optimization class and is typically used for combinatorial problems. In ACO adaptation the first and the last node is excluded from mutation. For feasibility reason the replacement node n r (new gene) is such a node from the node n i neighborhood N i , to which an arc from n i predecessor n p to n i successor n s exists  (Fig. If more such nodes occur, random selection is applied. If no such node exists, another gene is randomly picked up from the list. In ACO algorithm crossover position is represented by a common node of parental strings except the first and the last node  (Fig. If more of such nodes exist, random selection is applied. Since optimization process is primary done by ants cooperative behavior, the selection process has purely random concept and genetic operations serve just for selection pressure decrease. The above described genetic operations have been applied to one of the best performing ACO algorithms of Kumar, Tiwari and Shankar (ACO KTS )  [5] . Prior the genetic operations all loops are removed from the tours. It is applied on random selected tour T k (t) in random selected node. If more candidates by which the selected node can be replaced occur, the new node is random chosen from the candidates. If mutation fails on all nodes of the tour, another tour is chosen. Parent strings are random selected. If crossover operation is not feasible, another second string is selected. If no tour has common node with the first selected tour, another first tour is selected and the random selection process is repeated. Since genetic operations may produce strings with loops, in ACO framework prior and immediately after each genetic operation a loop removal procedure is performed. The above described ACO GO algorithm has been tested on a random generated graph. The results received with GO are better almost in any case. Results received without crossover operation have higher values along with the Mutation paths axis  (Fig. However, results received with two crossover pairs have higher values along with the Mutations per path axis  (Fig. with no crossover pair certain amount of mutation operations should be spread out among more paths, but with 2 crossover pairs concentration of mutation operation on less paths tends to perform better. The results for one crossover pair show different behavior. Genetic operations where nearly always feasible; ratio accomplished / required mutation operations is 100% and for the crossover operation over 99%. In order to determine the effect of crossover operation crossover rate was let to grow up to 100%  (Table 3) . As the crossover rate increases, ratio accomplished / required operation decreases  (Fig. Mutation operation causes better results than crossover operation. This can be explained by the nature of the mutation operation which creates new paths whilst crossover operation can only combine already existing solutions. Without crossover operation distributed mutation operation has better performance, but with two crossover pairs concentrated mutation operation on less paths tends to perform better.
paper_78	Fuzzy C-means clustering is a soft technique and has some advantages in ecological studies. Glycyrrhiza uralensis is an endangered medicinal plant species and mainly distributed in North China. A hundred plots were classified into 12 vegetation formations by fuzzy C-means clustering. The results suggest that fuzzy C-means clustering is an useful technique for classification of plant community. Quantitative methods, such as numerical classification and ordination, are significant in ecological analysis of plant communities  [1] . It is applicable in ecology because the description of ecological systems is not always possible in terms of a binary approach  [4] . Because of this, methods based on fuzzy mathematics might be more appropriate in ecological analysis  [6, 7] . Like licorice, most medicinal plants are harvested in the wild and the extended use has led to some medicinal species endangered and tending to be extinct, and the protection of such medicinal species has been urgent  [12, 13] . Some studies on the taxonomy, biochemistry, pharmacology and genetics of Glycyrrhiza uralensis have been carried out  [15, 16] , while the research concerning its community ecology is limited  [7] . This study aims to identify Glycyrrhiza uralensis communities and analyze their characteristics on composition, structure and environment in North China. The Fuzzy C-means clustering attempts to divide a finite collection of n elements (plots) formula_0 into a collection of C fuzzy clusters with respect to some given criterion. Given a finite set of data matrix (species × plots), the method calculates a list of C cluster centres  formula_1 formula_2 Where i = 1, 2, …, N = the number of plots; j = 1, 2, …, C = the number of clusters; U = {U ij } = the matrix of membership values, U ij is the membership of plot i in cluster j; V is a matrix of cluster centers; m is fuzzifier which determines the level of cluster fuzziness (1 ≤ m < ∞). In the absence of experimentation or domain knowledge, m is commonly set to 2. The first DCA axis was used as the basic data X i in clustering. The coverage of species was estimated by eyes, and the heights were measured using a tape ruler. The elevation was measured by a GPS, slope and aspect measured by a compass meter. The Importance Value (IV) of species was calculated and used as data in clustering analysis. The name and characteristics in species composition, structure and environment of each community are described below. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Stipa bungeana. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 75%, a shrub layer cover of 20% and an herb layer cover of 65%. spinosa, Lespedeza darurica, Pedicularis resupinata, Potentilla anserine, Saussurea epilobioides, Artemisia sacrorum, Artemisia mongolica, Cynanchum hancockianum, and Vicia amoena. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 25% with a density of 3600 ha -1 . Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Polygonum bistorta. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 5% and an herb layer cover of 70%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 35% with a density of 5700 ha -1 . The common species are Caragana korshinskii, Elaeagnus, mooceroftii, Suaeda prostrate, Artemisias phaerocephala, Saussurea laciniata, Saposhnikovia divariicata, Oxytropis glabra, and Artemisia ordosica. It is distributed from 280 to 500 m in hills with slope 15 -25° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Carex pediformis +Stipa sareptana. It is distributed from 350 to 650 m in hills with slope 15 -35° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Astragalinae triloa + Stipa sareptana. The common species are Artemisia scoparia, Kochia prostrate, Potencilla acaulis, Artemisia frigida, Ceratoides lates and Atraphaxis frutescus. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Aneurolepidium chinense +Stipa sareptana. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Festuca logae + Stipa sareptana. Fuzzy C-means clustering successfully classified 100 plots into 12 communities dominated by Glycyrrhiza uralensis. Theoretically, fuzzy C-means clustering is the only one soft clustering method and can deal with much imprecise and incomplete information and has advantages in solving non-linear problems and in studying complex system  [2, 17] . These communities are important not only for protection of medicinal plant species but also for conservation of ecosystems and their environments in semi-arid and arid regions in North China  [23, 24] .
paper_96	In the program, a new type of "warning system of obstacle avoidance of embedded electronic guide dog" has been developed on the basis of careful analysis of all kinds of present anti-collision warning systems, which has a core micro-controller, 32-bit ARM7 microprocessor, and takes the embedded operating system uCLinux as its platform. [1]  In the design process of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog, we firstly has carried on a comprehensive evaluation and analysis for each scheme, and then put forward a new idea that it introduces the open source embedded real-time operating system uCLinux, with a high-powered ARM core as the core processor. Also, it is easy to extend the functions, which is convenient for field operations, greatly reducing the cost of the traffic information collecting system in the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of electronic guide dog. What's more, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog has utilized the core processor, based on the realization of the system function, and development conditions. Moreover, the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also selects USB protocol to transfer data, saving the collected data in the hardware after being managed. The overall design plan of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog mainly is the velocity and distance measurement module, the power circuit module, the LED screen show module, USBcommunication circuit module, and clock circuit module. In the anti-collision early warning system, referenced in the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog, there mainly exits four steps, that is, information collection, information processing, information judgment, and warning information. The selection of anti-collision warning system for the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog should start from the characteristics of the highway network and the street network construction in our country, combing with the characteristics of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of electronic guide dog, as well as the construction of our country's highway and street traffic integrated management system. We should optimize the choice of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system technique of embedded electronic guide dog, based on China's national situation. Therefore, in the design process of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog, after the comprehensive and comparative analysis of the anti-collision warning techniques, we have compared the optimization principles of the anti-collision warning techniques, and finally adopt the approach of millimeter wave radar sensor + ARM microprocessor. The design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also adopts the generally used embedded processor. In addition, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also makes a full use of USB. The reference model is shown in  Figure 2 . of USB reference model  [4]
paper_134	Data mining, also referred to as knowledge extraction from databases, is one of the most important analytical methods for identifying the relationships between the various elements of the information collected in order to discover the useful knowledge and support of strategic decision-making and sustainable development systems in various industries. Mathematical modeling, quantitative analysis of data and new algorithms can identify new relationships between different data, which in turn leads to competitive advantage. For categorizing of fake olive oil by using frequency specification, Support vector machine, linear regression, Ensemble Trees and Gaussian was developed. A set of 16 samples of olive oil, sunflower, canola and corn oil which mixed with different ratio of Authentication, were used for calibration and evaluation of developed system. Both of these areas work in model identification and data classification issues and will, in effect, be directly used in data mining, and both groups are active in identifying and using neural networks and decision trees  [2] . Data mining simultaneously utilizes several disciplines such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, neural networks, statistics, pattern recognition, and science-based systems. Typically, the conductor plates of the capacitor are made of aluminum, zinc and silver, and among them, a dielectric can be placed in the air or other material. Based on the dielectric method, when a material is placed in the alternating electric field, the positive and negative charged particles in it will constantly tend to move in the electric field. The great benefit of mixing vegetable oils with lubricant makes it hard to find the type of product. The second pertain to data mining algorithms; third part related to samples and used methods in the article. They used a 4V sine voltage in the range of 10Hz to 1 MHz to determine the dielectric properties of a binary mixture of olive oil. In addition, PCA has been used to classify virgin oil samples, separately from fake oils. The results of the experiment showed that the dielectric constant is strongly affected by the size and volume of the fruit and also decreases with the increase in the fruit juice, which is clearer in a frequency of 1 MHz. This parameter had a good relationship with all the quality properties of eggs (elevation of the cell, height of albumin, etc.). Using this parameter and egg mass, they extracted regression models and reported that the application of this method to the egg production line and its grading based on quality properties requires more research  [14] . (2015) reported a research about egg grading using image and sensor processing. According to the researches that carried out in relation to the determination of the quality and content of agricultural products and food industries, it can be concluded that different methods have been developed to counteract the adulteration in these products. Then different classification algorithms by MATLAB software and various techniques such as support vector regression were done and finally output dates were processed. The samples of sunflower oil, canola oil and corn oil which are known as adulterated oils were also obtained from national markets. The dielectric experiments started on the dielectric parameters of olive oil one day after the preparation of the sample. The samples were blended with sunflower canola and corn oil, and they made up a total of 9 classes with varying percentages (from 60 to 100% in 5% increments), each of which was shed separately, according to the desired amount, of 100 centimeters inside the sensor. Due to the high flow of data, the ch340g chip on the Arduino board is used to measure dielectric parameters as well as a device that can detect the purity of olive oil. Arduino has a variety of ports, controls, side panels, and screen connectivity, while it may be smaller, less expensive, and possibly faster than a microcomputer system. The AD8302 chipset has been used to measure the domain and fuzzy detection, as well as to measure the dielectric parameters. Support Vector Machine Regression (SVR) aims at finding a linear hyper plane, which fits the multidimensional input vectors to output values. One of the new ideas in identifying and categorizing patterns is a backup vector machine or SVM. In particular, SVM does not have the problem of local optimization in its training, it builds the categorizer with maximum generalization, determines its structure and topology optimally, and functions nonlinear differentiation easily with low computing using It forms the concept of an inner product in the Hilbert space. A pair of matched logarithmic amplifiers provides the measurement, and their hard-limited outputs drive the phase detector. Figure 2  shows response diagrams for adulterated samples of olive-sunflower, olive-canola, olive-corn Using this technique, the amount of RMSE for the samples were equal to 3.65, 2.46, 3.31 and the amount R 2 was equal to 0.92, 96 and 93, respectively. In the current research, three different techniques were applied to predict olive oil adulterated. Comparison of the testing stage of these techniques showed coarse tree was the best prediction. As regards, the accuracy of the methods are close together, this can be concluded that all selected techniques, presented here, have a good potential to be used to determine olive oil fraud. Also device used can classify samples and use for other oils. As regards, the accuracy of the methods are close together, this can be concluded that all selected techniques, presented here, have a good potential to be used to determine olive oil fraud.
paper_139	In this proposed system, we are successfully identifying and minimize the redundant information and like link in web documents. Retrieving relevant information from web without redundancy is more challenge task nowadays where in web mining communities  [3, 4] . Utilizing customary data recovery  [5]  and information mining systems it get to the known and obscure data from the Web content. Traditional web mining algorithms handle with structured document  [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15]  than the advanced methodology of mining algorithm can dealthe entire heterogeneous document comprises of images  [9] , graphs, videos  [16] , etc. A query is searched in a web search tool to recover some significant and required data for the client, either the search query is known or unintelligible to the client, it generally to reply with relevant data rather than redundant, however we can't guarantee that the reply for the query about the significance and redundancy. Once the input query is requested, the search engine generate the document with multiple web pages along with the links, the user will be unaware about the content of the web pages, the extracted web documents contain multiple web pages either be redundant or not. The Document retrieved must follow some constraints which have less time & space requirements, based upon the criteria the extracted web document must be preprocessed, for preprocessing & information selection, need to apply some techniques such as stop word removal, Stemming of word, phrasing, normalization of tokens. Initially calculate measure for all the vertices and maintain the set U which contains a minimum and maximum degree for all vertices and isolated measure vertex. Step2: Pick the minimum degree vertex 'v' in the set-up and include in the set U. Step3:While U doesn't include all vertices Step3A: Include the entire isolated vertex which is adjacent to the vertex 'v' to U. Step3B: Find the adjacent vertex 'u' to 'v' which is not in U and has maximumdegree. Repeat step 3 till all nodes are included in the set U. Step4: Finally network U contains no cyclic information. Case I:Regular set-up Connected Regular Setup Case I: A Consider the following connected set-up G 1 in figure 2, having 12 nodes having 3 degree in all vertices along with redundant links. Apply the proposed KTMIN-JAK-MAXAM ALGORITHMto G 1 By step 1: deg(All Nodes of G 1 ) = 3 By step 2: Mark the node A as visited and put it onto the set U. By step 3: There is no isolated vertex in the given graph G 1 By step 4: 4.1 Investigate any unvisited adjacent node from A. 4.2 Search the node B, the unvisited adjacent node is from B as 2 and 7. After inclusion of the node 1 the set U consists of the nodes A, B, 2, 1. Future work aims to create a finite automata tool to produce only relevant and without redundant information of web documents in data mining.
paper_145	An upward shift of prevalence rate was observed among the higher educated respondents. Overweight and obesity were more among urban residents compared to rural residents and they were thirty two percent more exposed to overweight and obesity. According to factor weights it was noted that the important factors for variation in the level of obesity were mainly gender variation followed by occupation, education and type of work. Obesity is generally associated to a significantly higher risk of arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus (DM), hepatic steatosis, hyperdyslipidemia and renal failure  [5, 6] . It had been observed in some research findings that youth who do not meet guidelines for dietary behavior, physical activity and sedentary behavior have greater insulin resistance than those who do meet guideline  [12] . For this reasons, World Health Organization considers the epidemic a worldwide problem which requires public health intervention  [13]  that act on different factors associated with overweight and obesity as well as technological changes that have lowered the cost of living of the people so that people can avail sufficient food with required protein. The aim of this paper was to identify the socioeconomic factors responsible for obesity and overweight among some rural and urban people of Bangladesh. The important factors for obesity and overweight were identified by factor analysis, where largest factor weight indicated the most important variables  [14, 15]  responsible for obesity. However, among this latter group of respondents also there were 91 diabetic patients. Thus, finally, the analysis was performed using the data of 635 diabetic patients and 265 non-diabetic people. However, from the filled-in questionnaires 356 were found in completed form and the information of these 356 respondents were included in the analysis. Some of the variables observed were qualitative in character and some were quantitative. All variables were transformed to nominal form by assigning numbers to do the factor analysis. The variables included for factor analysis were residence of the respondents, their age, gender, marital status, religion, level of education, occupation, type of work, monthly income and smoking habit. In performing factor analysis the inclusion of variables was decided by calculating square of the multiple correlation coefficient  [19] . Besides the factor analysis, the association of different socioeconomic variables with level of obesity were investigated. Significant association was decided by chi-square test with p-value< 0.05 and odd ratio was calculated for respondents who were overweight and obese compared to normal group. It was observed from the analysis that among 900 respondents 7.6 percent were underweight [  Table 1 ] and 19.1 percent of them were from rural area. Obesity was observed among 15.3 percent people and overweight respondents were 34.0 percent. The differences in proportions of level of obesity according to residential area were not significant [P (χ2 ≥ 5.128) = 0.528] which indicated that respondents for different levels of obesity were similar for both urban and rural areas. However, urban people were more exposed to overweight and obesity by thirty two percent compared to rural people [O. R.= 1.32]. They were in more risk of overweight and obesity by 51 percent compared to males [O. R.= 1.51] Obesity and severe obesity were observed almost similar among Muslims and Non-Muslims [  Table 3 ]. But the O. R.= 1.07 indicated that both the religious groups were similarly exposed to overweight and obesity. Among the investigated respondents 92.6 percent were currently married and 43.1 percent of them were normal  [Table  4 ]. Maximum (25.5%) respondents of obesity was noted among housewives. But, all other professional groups of respondents had the similar risk of obesity compared to servicemen [O. R. = 1.04]. More overweight people was observed among them who had income 30,000.00 -< 40,000.00 taka followed by the group of people who had income 50,000.00+. The value of O. R= 0.40 for higher income group of people compared to other income level did not indicate that rich people had more chance to become obese and overweight. So far we had discussed the results of association of levels of obesity and some socioeconomic characteristics. But overweight and obese respondents were 62 percent more exposed to diabetes compared to other groups of respondents [O. R.=1.62] In one study  [20] , it was reported that smoking was one of the factor to increase the level of obesity. Among the smokers 47.2 percent were normal and 37.2 percent were overweight. The association between smoking habit and level of obesity was significant [P(χ2 ≥ 20.189) = 0.0.002] and smokers were 21 percent more exposed to overweight and obesity compared to non-smokers [O. R. = 1.21]. Thus, we were in search of identification of most important variables to explain the variation in the levels of obesity in the present data  [14] . The analysis helps to identify the important variables to explain the variation in the data set  [15, 21] . The variables which were included in the analysis were sufficient to explain the variation as KMO = 0.633, χ2 = 256.371, p-value = 0.000. The inclusion of the variables in the analysis was justified as communality of no variable was less than 0.4  [22] . The significant multiple regression analysis using one of the included variable as dependent variable and others as explanatory variables also justified the inclusion of the variables for factor analysis. From the analytical results it was seen that all the p-values were less than 0.05 which indicated that the inclusion of variables for factor analysis were justified. From the results of the communality it could be concluded that the variable marital status was more important followed by gender and education. From the results of the communality of the variables it could be concluded that 85.6 percent variation of the variable marital status would be explained by the extracted factors  [22] . Similar percentages of variation for the variables gender and religion were 74.2 and 70.0, respectively. The factor analysis extracted 5 components as these components explained 73.309 percent variation in the observations of obesity. From the factor analysis it was noted that the coefficients of the variables gender was highest followed by occupation, education and type of work. This component explained 25.733 percent variation in the data of obesity. The second component explained 16.161 percent variation of the data. This information were noted from the characteristic roots of the correlation matrix of the variables, where the roots were 2.573, 1.616, 1.086, 1.053, and 1.003. The second component showed that the most important variables to explain the variation in the data of obesity were residence followed by religion and income. The third component showed that the variable income was important for explaining the variability in the obesity. The respondents were investigated mostly by the doctors and nurses from their working places. Higher (71.6%) prevalence rate of diabetes was noted among the overweight and obese group of respondents. The prevalence of overweight and obesity were significantly associated with age, religion, education, occupation, marital status, income and smoking habit. Factor analysis also indicated that some of the socioeconomic variables were responsible for increased rates of overweight and obesity. The factor analysis showed that sex, occupation, education and type of work were more important to explain the variation in the level of obesity. These are: a) Halt the rise in body weight by encouraging people so that they can take healthy home made food and avoid restaurant food / first food.
paper_212	The models developed however faced considerable challenges ranging from inaccurate representation of natural data for deterministic models, to methods of forecasting such as statistical extrapolation which assumes that current conditions will prevail which is not always the case. The purpose of this paper is to build on the concept of Gillespie's Algorithm based SIR models by developing a stochastic SIR model to simulate disease evolution in the population setting. On June 5, 1981 a mysterious disease was recognized among MSM in the USA. In 1982 the CDC identified the same disease among IVDU, hemophiliacs and Haitian residents. In 1984, Robert Gallo discovered that HIV was responsible for AIDS. However, this is not always the case as there exist individual differences in the ability to transmit and acquire HIV that remain unexplained  [2] . The following year, 26 new cases of HIV were recorded from sex workers and the NAC was established. Sex workers have the highest percentage of HIV prevalence at 29.3% according to the Kenya HIV estimates report-National Aids Control Council. There are various questions still left unanswered to date on the HIV epidemic. These questions are encompassed in the modeling of the HIV immunology, the HIV dynamics as well as the AIDS dynamics such as the dynamic distribution of the disease in the population and its likely magnitude. This study employs mathematical modeling tools in the transmission probability of HIV and analyses done on how the cumulative number of infected individuals responds as well as the AIDS death probability and how the cumulative cases of removed individuals responds to this probability. The following reviews consider models developed for HIV/AIDS data that either differed too greatly with other model estimates or still fail even with developments on the model. This model approximated that there would be 6000000 cases of HIV and 400000 cases of AIDS in China if there were no forms of interventions implemented. In 2007 the government of China alongside UNAIDS made an estimate of 700000 cases of HIV and 85000 cases of AIDS in China at the time, which is much lower that the estimates made by Liu  [4] . The group comprising of the largest individuals predicted to be living with HIV/AIDS was approximately 650000. In several concentrated epidemics, HIV prevalence estimates do not match reported cases and mortality estimates do not match reported deaths, even after adjusting. Even with the 2013 updates of Spectrum where adjustments were made in the parameter values empirically to improve the fit to program data, the estimates given by Spectrum still differed with data available. They considered and analyzed a two stage SI model that allowed for random variation in the demographic structure of the population with the population size changing at different times which had an exponentially distributed rate of infection. Despite the fact that a lot of research has been done on modeling disease trajectory, not much literature is available on the use of Gillespie based SIR models to simulate the trajectory of a disease in the population. According to Koopman, deterministic differential equation models cannot capture the real-life representation because no matter how finely they divide populations into geographic and social space, the infectious population is spread out to cover the entire space. The inability of differential equation models to capture stochastic effects therefore has been demonstrated by studies done by Koopman  [11] . This study seeks to incorporate a stochastic aspect in the deterministic SIR epidemiological model. This paper will contribute and build on to the existing literature on modeling disease dynamics in the population with the model tested on HIV/AIDS data 1985-2018 to investigate if the simulated values would reflect results that are close to reality. This paper will help bridge the gap between conceptual epidemiological models and its simulated version by providing a developed version of an SIR model that solves one inherent problem that deterministic models do not reflect the natural data. The Classic SIR model The Kermack-McKendrick theory illustrates individuals grouped as susceptible and removeds only  [13] . The initial conditions changed over time and demographics not being included such that change over time was described as; (1) formula_0 The Kermack-McKendrick theory was later developed to a version where they tackled the problem of endemics  [14] ,  [15] . They set the transmission and infection rates as invariant for all ages and this allowed the inclusion of an infectives class. This transformed the theory to the basic SIR model such that when demographics were included becomes (4) (5)  (6)  where N denotes the total host population. denotes the birth rate and death rate denotes the infection rate denotes the recovery rate t denotes time point Model development The Gillespie algorithm was used to simulate a statistically correct trajectory given initial SIR conditions. The SIR model explained how the epidemic manifests in all the compartments. denotes the rate of birth denotes the rate of non-AIDS death denotes the rate of infection denotes AIDS death rate denotes model's time step Gillespie's procedure The Gillespie simulation procedure was developed to produce a statistically correct course for finite well-mixed populations  [16, 17] . The interaction between states is made possible by events outlined in this model as birth, infection, non-AIDS death an AIDS death. , , This Gillespie's algorithm based stochastic SIR model generates a statistically correct trajectory from the initial vector as , , where i=s, i, r S+I+R=N i denotes the population size of the state at time t denotes a function characterized by two quantities as a state change vector and a propensity function. The Markov property lets us specify a model by giving the transition probabilities-defined as rates-on a small interval between the compartments. Considering the fact that the propensity functions require to be in probability form, we explore this assumption further by defining and interpreting it. A Markov chain is interpreted here then, as a stochastic discrete-valued model with the Markov property that future states of a process depend on the current state. Continuoustime Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. The Markov property lets us specify a model by giving the transition probabilities-defined as rates-on a small interval between the compartments. The transition probabilities assigned are defined on an open interval (t, t + ), such that the probability an individual moves from the susceptible compartment to the infectives compartment is  [ 1 ] . The SIR Markov chain model transition probabilities for a closed population are; formula_4 where denotes the rate of flow of individuals from susceptibles to infectives denotes the rate of flow of individuals from infectives to removeds. The wait times between events can either assume an exponentially distributed wait time or the rate of flow between compartments can assume any of the following distributions depending on the results. In this study, a simulation was carried out on the SIR model to explain the trajectory of the disease by employing a stochastic element using Gillespie's simulation algorithm. Therefore, the implementation of a stochastic factor to an epidemiological model is a useful contribution to mathematical modeling. Recommendation for research would be to explore other variations of the SIR model such as SI, SEIR under Gillespie's algorithm. The SIR model as well as Gillespie algorithm could continue to be applied other areas such as viral marketing and behavioural science as has already been done successfully.
paper_214	The paper presents the usage of databases that store business data into a warehouse star model that permits to create queries using SQL language and business intelligence tools. This kind of model allow to the decision maker to create complex reports and graphs based on the columns from the dimension tables and measures from fact tables, that can be the base for creating alternatives and scenarious acording to the economical indicators. Building alternatives and scenarious is an elaborate task and must have a background in existing data structured in databases that have a special structure of dimensions and fact tables. This data warehouse star model allow complex analyses such as rollup, drill down, slice and dice through the dimensions and fact tables by using special tools such as online analythical processes and complex queries based on views and snapshots. The business environments require analyses on large amount of data, big data and necessitate advanced tools to query through numerous criterias and also to create different realistic scenarious that allow choosing one option, so the business manager can use the right tool to gain economic advantage. Such testing may be actions that can be made explicit in the framework model; enable better decision-making structure problem, allowing exploration of information flows and operational procedures without interfering with the actual operation of the system; using cybernetic control system, which underlies decision making in practice; There are a large number of parcel simulation program. Limits of simulation include: support of simulation model is simplified, built pursuing one goal, one key criterion. always taking into account the unique factors of a problem specific results can not be transferred to other issues; results are difficult to interpret, being dependent on random factors; no matter how powerful your computer is, the optimal solution is difficult to obtain a model that has many equations and a significant number of parameters. Quantitative mathematical models are embedded in base models, managed by subsystem a management model that requires separate users from the physical aspects of data processing and storage that extract, create, delete and modify models. Interaction replaces classical execution, procedural, with a performance conducted by decider according to the stages of solving a problem decisions that necessitate different inputs. The activity of the coordinations of inputs is done in most cases with specialized software systems that create analytical databases or modeling languages. In the first case, the user is provided customized views of data stored by performing a diverse set of operations on transactional data. The next logical of optimization and forecasting, simulation assists with the running complex patterns, resulting variables whose analysis highlights the value adopated lead to a decision. Besides maintaining traditional information representation formats like charts, maps and diagrams used currently to represent multidimensional data there are used new types of dynamic graphs. After analyzing the results achieved and the objectives of their reporting, signaled differences and after identify problems it was reveal the need to take action. Solving the result of communication between all stakeholders, sharing the general manager responsibilities both at decisionmaking levels and the corresponding subproblems defined. For example, after the first phase, the scope may relate to excessive spending decisions of a functional department, inventories too high or adoption of a draft research and evaluation on the introduction of computers  [3, 4] . From model design and solution choice there is a strict demarcation, certain activities may be conducted during both phases, and return of election phase in phase. It receives relevant and substantiated elements on activity in the real system and builds models for solving future decision making on the basis of current assessments.Of the foregoing that a decision support system provides a filtering of information provided to decision makers and indicates certain restrictions. Basically, it helps the decision maker during operation and defining the problem, generating satisfactory solutions and retention strategy. For an interactive decision support system architecture includes the following subsystems: Data management subsystem Subsystem management models User subsystem dialog Data management subsystem consists of the following elements: database management system oxidase data, data dictionary and declarative query language. The database contains no internal data, external data and personal data.Internal data consist from the current activities of the organization and operations of various functional departments image. Whatever the nature of their data is stored in relational databases, transactional system data or data warehouse, built on subjects of interest. In current systems, the company's intranet, are increasingly present data accessible through web browsers and multimedia items such as maps, images, sounds. In most cases there is SGBS transactional relational data system and a management database for multidimensional data warehouses created. The data dictionaries are permitted operations to add new data, deletion or retrieval of existing information according to certain criteria. The subsystem management model consists of the following components: base models, the management models, dictionary and processor execution models and integration patterns Base models contain the set of models that make it possible to analyze the facts and the choice of options in terms required by the user. Database management system allows creating new models models using programming languages, update and modify existing models, establish interdependencies between models. Manage in a logical manner a variety of models to consistency of the data model and provides integration of application systems components maker. Design is the stage where the data warehouse model is chosen, depending on the complexity of the system real user requirements and data structure existing in the company (databases, Excel spreadsheets...) Building a data warehouse there are three models: type star, snowflake patterns type and constellation type models. The models may change depending on the context, presenting the data in a structure bed, easily designed and accessible to end users. In such a model is highlighted: quantitative data centralized called measures of activity quantitative criteria for centralized aggregation  ,  referred sizes  relational table that stores the measures identified by   the facts dimensions is called table  Tables where aggregation criteria has explicit codes,  called type tables list. Using data from lists, star type structure enables higher levels of aggregation on the initial size  [4, 6] . Data warehouse star The eastern type constellation when several schemes that use the same type star catalogs. The advantages of using databases for Decision Support Systems in businesses involves creating numerous queries by the decision maker and also allow to create many scenarious and variants to choose from. In the business area is crucial to store data into a warehouse such as a star modell and create many queries and reports so the decision maker can see the trends of the economical indicators and helps him to make a decision that can improve those numbers or it can be useful to implement a strategy for a further development  [1, 3] . The databases permits flexibility in creating queries by choosing columns from dimension tables and measures from the fact table and so the decision maker may choose what economical indicators is useful to analyse and also permits to create different types of graphs such as columns, pies, scatter points or webs. By simply analysing these reports and graphs helps the decision maker to create different scenarious by changing target indicators and corelate with the economical indicators that can't be changed  [2, 5] . The methods specific to the databases such as SQL language and the Business Intelligence tools allow businesses to explore data and to create alternatives that helps to choose the optimal variant according to the economical restrictions that came from the business environment. It is very important to store data into a warehouse model and then to create future strategies that can help a company to expand or to grow the profit in a realistic way based on complex analyses and alternatives.
paper_216	However, it exhibits some systematic biases or unrealistic assumptions like the log-normality of asset returns and constant volatility. Amongst the non-parametric approaches used to improve the accuracy of the model in this study is the Wavelet-based pricing model. This model is found as promising alternative as far as pricing of European options is concerned, due to its varied volatility of the underlying security and estimation of the risk neutral MGF. This study made an attempt to improve the accuracy of option price estimation using Wavelet method and it improves the accuracy due to its ability to estimate the risk neutral MGF. Derivatives are instruments whose value depend on an underlying asset. An option is a type of derivative that gives the option holder the right but not obligation to buy or sell an underlying security at a specified price, at any time on or before a given date in the future as agreed on. The holder of a put option has the right but not the obligation to sell underlying security under some predefined terms of an agreement which includes; strike or exercise price, maturity date and option volume. This study therefore prices a European option using two nonparametric methods and a parametric method. The Black-Scholes option pricing formula which has been used as the benchmark to price European options in most of the previous researches due to its simplicity and low computational demand  [2] . This Black-Scholes formula remains the most widely used model in pricing options though it has some known biases which include volatility smiles and skewness. The Black Scholes model has been developed under some assumptions such as the risk-free rate and volatility of the returns are known and constant, the returns of the underlying security are normally distributed, markets are efficient (market movements cannot be predicted). In the real market, the asset returns follow a leptokurtic distribution which is in contrast to the Black-Scholes model where returns are assumed to be log-normally distributed. This model derives the closed form solution for pricing of a European options that is why it is used as a benchmark. The Wavelet based pricing model is another nonparametric method alternative used to price derivatives  [4] . According to the literature, this model is the latest theoretical contribution to the option pricing and it is better at capturing the volatility smiles which is as a result of the Black-Scholes' assumption on volatility constant. This research therefore compared the performance of Wavelet based pricing model and Black-Scholes model in the valuation of a European option. The simple closed form solution of European options was derived during the financial crisis  [2] . This model has been discussed extensively in order to improve its pricing biases and to impose more practical assumptions. The derivation of the pricing formula is independent on the parametric form of the underlying security's price dynamics and hence the success of this model depends on the accurate capture of dynamics of the underlying security's price process. According to the researches as far as pricing derivative securities is concerned, Wavelet based option pricing model is the latest option pricing model in the literature  [6] . The approximation of the implied risk-neutral MGF of the underlying security (asset) returns was focused by developing a non -parametric option pricing model called Wavelet model  [4] . The following are some examples of these advantages; when there is presence of jumps in the underlying process MGF is more tractable, the option's obtained MGF is a continuous function, statistical moments of the asset distributions can be obtained using MGF and the risk neutral MGF can be used to estimate the out of sample options that has maturity dates which are different. The following are some of the applications of wavelet method in finance and economics as pointed out in  [6]  and  [7] ; Wavelets can be used in multi-scaling analysis. For example, analyzed the relationship between economic variables at different scale by using the wavelet method and they found out that over a different time horizon, the relationship changes  [8] . Algorithm has a superior performance in de-noising financial data with high frequency by using the first principal component to de-noise frequency variations of a business cycle with wavelets  [12] . Lastly, wavelets can be used to estimate parameters of the models which are unknown using wavelets in pricing of an American derivative security by levy process  [13] . formula_0 From the Black-Scholes formula above, we see that the strike price (K), risk free interest rate (r), time to maturity (T), the volatility (") and the current price of the stock (S0) are required. Based on some general assumptions like independent and identically distribution (iid) for asset returns and that the moment generating function is defined well, the wavelet based pricing model can be expressed as follows; formula_1 Where, t is the current time, is the underlying asset price at time t, # $ is the time t price for a European call option written on asset, K is the strike price and T is the future maturity date. The underlying asset dynamics and investor expectation in option prices is captured by the MGF Θ !$ + of the logarithmic returns /0 7 . In order to approximate the implied MGF using the wavelet method, one has to choose a particular wavelet from a large family of wavelets. The focus on this study was on pricing of a European Call option using two models, one parametric model (BS Model) and one non-parametric models (Wavelet Pricing Model). In order to estimate the risk neutral Moment Generating Function of the underlying security from option prices, we applied the methodology of wavelet. Therefore, one of the most significant input of this study is that the wavelet -based pricing model is an alternative model for pricing options and other derivatives on the same underlying asset with varying times to maturity and different strike values. We recommend more further investigation on the nonparametric models since most of the studies have focused on the parametric model especially Black-Scholes model.
paper_219	This paper introduces a framework to determine data quality on enterprise networks for net-centric and net-ready initiatives as introduced by the US Department of Defense (DoD). The DR attribute is introduced; it is important in enabling enterprise data consumers to sort, filter and prioritize data. The ability to generate data combined with the ability to store data is beginning to outpace the capacity of the bandwidth necessary to simultaneously share all data amongst all the operational stakeholders. A fundamental shift in paradigm is required to ensure the stressors of conducting military operations are supported through data (of both high-quality and high-relevance) and, not burdened by attempts to manage its excess. The US Department of Defense (DoD) introduced the terms net-centric and net-ready to describe the mechanisms by which operators can search and discover information within the bounds of data. This paper introduces such a method in support of achieving maximum data quality for military enterprise networks: a quantitative mechanism by which the value of different net-ready implementation options can be evaluated and graded. Thus the term data relevancy (DR) is introduced into the model for valuing data quality in the context of net-centric / net-ready. Vice Admiral Arthur K. Cebrowski, U.S. Navy, and John J. Garstka proposed that adoption of network-centric operations across the military enterprise would result in benefits at the strategic, operational, and structural levels and bring forth "a much faster and more effective warfighting style"  [2] . This new warfighting style is Net-Centric Warfare (NCW): an "information superiority-enabled concept of operations that generates increased combat power by networking sensors, decision makers, and shooters to achieve shared awareness, increased speed of command, higher tempo of operations, greater lethality, increased survivability, and a degree of self-synchronization"  [1] . The DoD introduced four criteria that must be satisfied for "Data Sharing in a Net-Centric Environment" via DoD Directive 8320.02 in 2004  [4]  which later in  [5]  expanded to the seven listed in this section. This directive and the subsequent series of 8320 series documents identify "the cornerstones of Net-Centric Data sharing"; data shall be visible, accessible, understandable, and trusted  [6] . In the years following, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction (CJSCI) 6212.01 was released that set-forth the procedures for development and certification of a Net-Ready (NR) Key Performance Parameter (KPP); the NR KPP process later being subsumed into the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System (JCIDS) process  [3]    [7] . The NR KPP specifies the attributes required of data sharing Information Technology (IT) introduced into the net-centric operational environment: (1) IT must be able to support military operations (SMO), IT must be able to be entered and managed on the network (EMN), and (3) IT must effectively exchange information (EI)  [3] . Alignment can be achieved via direct negotiation or-more practically-via the adoption of commonly referenced standards such as those listed indicated by the global information grid (GIG) Technical Guidance Federation  [6] . A consumer's trust in a data asset is dependent on multiple facets: assessment of the data asset authority, clear identification of the data asset source, tagging with appropriate security metadata, and maintaining a full pedigree of the data asset throughout the full process  [6] . non-generic); the required performance of the connections be identified by quantifiable and testable measures of performance (MOPs); and the connectivity must be managed by a structured methodology  [3] . The specific data elements and assets exchanged with external networks as part of executing net-centric operational tasks are specified by the exchange information attribute  [3] . Each net-centric information exchange defined MOPs that are measurable and each information exchange must also identify how the four criteria for net-centric data sharing (visible, accessible, understandable, and trusted) are satisfied for authorized consumers across the enterprise  [3] . Evaluation of the data sharing enterprise requires a holistic view that considers the net-centric attributes of the data simultaneously with the quality of service for the data network. The combined consideration for each of these areas yields a newly defined model for the data sharing enterprise comprised of three equally important attributes: data relevance, quality of data at source, and quality of service for the enterprise network. For a sample of size n consider v strata with sample s k in each stratum, i.e. ∑ i=1 to v n i = n and s = U k=1 to v s k . where n ≤ N and s = {1, 2,…, n}. The Horvitz Thompson estimator for stratified sampling for the total Y is formula_1 where each independent random sample i, is denoted by y i , the probability of inclusion in the sample is denoted by p i . The sample is organized into their various strata with the number of elements in each total number of strata k, in the total population N. The HT estimator for stratification becomes formula_2 and estimate of the stratified mean is formula_3 where m k = ∑ i in s k y i /n is the arithmetic mean of strata k. With each attribute having its MOS value using the stratified estimate in (3). Video and audio have models for QoE but other data types still require development of objective measure models to predict their QoE subjective ratings. A number of authors  [12, 15] Highly relevant data must be visible to the consumer, understood by the consumer, and provide support to the consumers' military operations (as depicted in the mapping of  Fig. The measure of tagged data relevance corresponds to how accurate the data producer was in expressing the intrinsic data relevance through the application of metadata that is understandable, relatable, and unambiguous to the data consumer. The metadata taxonomy needs to be sufficiently diverse to express the essential characteristics of the data product but not so overly detailed that the data tagging approaches the size and complexity of the data itself. The measure of discovered data relevance is an indication of how well the enterprise system enables a consumer to differentiate the data product offerings accessible via the network according to the level of relevance and value to the mission objectives. To support a high level of discovered relevance, The taxonomy available to the consumer must be sufficient to explicitly discriminate the desired data features from the undesired. Just as the performance of tagged relevance is improved by an understanding of the consumer by the producer, discovered relevance benefits from awareness that the consumer has of the full range of data offerings of the enterprise and how they may be described. Without a strong mutual awareness, a consumer may prematurely end their discovery process with the first piece of seemingly relevant data believing that it is the best or perhaps the only product available to them. This is why an overall QoE value for data relevance is important as it indicates the relative success of the discovery process across multiple groups of users at finding data with intrinsic relevancy suitable to meet their needs. We first discuss the design philosophy for the overall assessment of the data quality for the enterprise: (1) The enterprise data quality is determined by the attribute with the lowest user satisfaction (QoE). For example, if the quality rating is fair for data relevancy then funds to provide an excess bandwidth to have an excellent QoS can be spent elsewhere as the overall data quality at best is going to be fair. Thus, aside from determining the value of enterprise data quality for purposes of data prioritization, we also have an analytical tool to identify areas of improvement and to allocate resources more effectively across the overall system. Formal minimax definition  [24]  is formula_4 where a(i) denotes the actions of the i-th player of n players, a(-i) is actions of all other players except the i-th, and v i is the value function of player i. The cells in  Table 1  consist of a left value which is the games' pay-off for player one and a right value which is the games' pay-off for player two. Rows in  Table 1  represent actions of player one and columns in  Table I  represent actions of player two. Player one has three action options U, D, N to choose from. Going through each action of Player one with knowledge of player two actions L, R we have maximum payoff for player one for U of 5, for D of 5, for N of 4, making a minimax pay-off action of player one of N. Player two takes each action along columns for action L maximum payoff is 4 and 3 for action R, resulting in minimax action for Player two of R with payoff of 3. Thus, the minimax strategy is Player one move of N and Player two move of R with a payoff vector (4, 3). formula_5 Thus, for each d in D, starting with d=QDS, a state vector s max (d) is found that produces max s in S(d) f d (s) where f d (s) is a discrete function formed by a predictive model for QoE or in the absence of a model formed from direct user sampled MOS value calculated using (3), i.e. f d (s) = u HT . The x-axis of the chart in  Fig. 3 , as formula_6 In  Fig. 3 , a particular value of enterprise data quality is given at the start, but from start one could continue to improve QoS and QDS under Option A with no increase in the value of enterprise data quality, whereas Option B modifying the system delivering DR does increase the overall enterprise data quality.
paper_241	Transformers are the key equipment in electrical power transmission. So the use of transformers protection in electric power systems is very crucial and critical as they are required for efficient transportation of electricity to consumers for long term. This paper is concerned with the differential current protection scheme of transformer using a differential relay technique with arduino Uno microcontroller as a differential relay responsible for comparing the differential current values and sends trip signal to the relay (acting as circuit breaker) to open the circuit when there is fault in the protected zone as a result of imbalance in the differential current values. The demand of electricity in our modern day as led to advancement in electrical power systems, which is reflected in the development of all the power system device generators, different sizes of transformers, transmission lines and the protection equipment. C transmission, power transformer is one of the most important equipment. Due to advancement in technology and daily use of electrical devices by industries, organizations and individuals, there is an increase in electricity demand which most likely results systems overload, reducing its efficiency and can cause damage to the transformer  [1] . Typically, Power systems are built to allow continuous generation, transmission and consumption of energy. The system is capable of sustaining a variety of environmental and operating impacts that resemble normal operating conditions which may include lightning striking the transmission lines, excessive loading, deterioration or breakdown of the equipment insulation resulting to power systems experiencing occasional faults such as phase to phase or phase to ground faults, over current, over voltage or even temperature based faults. The Differential current protection scheme is based on the principle that the input power to the transformer under normal condition is equal to the output power and is concerned with having a differential or balanced current between the primary and secondary side which would be digitally displayed  [2] . The fundamental idea of the differential current protection scheme is to provide protection to the transformer if any fault occurs in the protected zone that will cause an imbalance in the differential currents. When there is an occurrence of internal fault an imbalanced or non-zero differential current will flow through the operating coil of the differential relay which would be substituted with a microcontroller that sends a trip signal to the relays needed to open the circuit. The current transformers are each connected to the primary and secondary side of the step-up transformer and are used to reduce the currents to a measureable value that can be sensed by the current sensors. As a differential current comparator it is used to compare the current values from the outputs of both Current sensors at the primary and secondary sides of the power respectively, computes their resultant difference, which would process an instruction to send a trip signal to the relay depending on its programming and the time required to clear a fault. Acting as a control unit, used for monitoring and controlling the working activities of the protection zone and display values of voltage and currents sensed by the voltage sensor and current transformers respectively. The differential protection of a transformer is implemented using Arduino Uno microcontroller as a decision making device that sends a trip signal to the relay (acting as circuit breaker) whenever there is faults (internal or external faults). The microcontroller based relay is a technological advancement or development as compared to the use of conventional relays which improves the efficiency and reliability of the system which could be beneficial to both the society and its economic growth.
paper_251	The cloud concept eliminates the need to install and run middleware and applications on users own computer by providing Infrastructure, Platform and Services to users, thus easing the tasks of software and hardware maintenance and support. Heterogeneity in the computational requirement, dynamic choice and infrequent usages types of resources of the users in modern era has main challenge for service provider (application developer and hardware manufacturer). Secondly most of the resources are idle i.e. More comprehensive concept about cloud computing has been narrated and drafted by National Institute of Standard & Technology (NIST): According to NIST-"Cloud computing is a paradigm for facilitating expedient, on-demand network access to a shared cluster (pool/collection) of configurable computing power and resources (like applications, services, networks, servers, and storage,) that can be expeditiously provisioned and exemption with least management endeavor or without service provider interaction. Cloud computing is another example of technological advancement which offers dynamic provisioning of the utility on rent basis to the subscriber. To achieve this task cloud service provider required highly efficient scheduling approach and the proper monitoring of the services provisioned or will be provision to subscriber. In the cloud computing. They are able to communicate i.e. social in nature, mobile i.e. Hence agent based solution has been proposed to meet the requirement of the modern cloud computing with pace of dynamic provision to insure shrink in shrink out (elasticity) of the cloud service provider to achieve highest scalability and reliability in extent of the maximum availability of the service to the requisites. Outcome the results shows that the provisioning of SaaS (Software as a service) and its monitoring using agent has gives better result which is more efficient than existing approach. For developing proposed agent based system three types of public cloud and their services has been selected as test bed for better evaluation and measurement of the accuracy of the propose system. Codenvy -To develop an / are application i.e. Fault tolerance While author  [1]  and  [2]  proposed an agent based solution to solve the above listed QoS parameter that greatly affect the performance of cloud service especially SaaS. To Evaluate and delivered the cloud computing services (SaaS) using agent (for better and fast delivery) using public cloud such as "New Relic and cloud bees". Model for Proposed Work Our proposed work is to schedule and monitor cloud SaaS application onto the cloud and evaluate the performance of the same using proposed agent based. Resources: Algorithm for Scheduling (influenced from Aneka) developed onto the Cloudbees Proposed Algorithm Step1: Register user login Step2: Sign in the user login Step3: Select multi monitoring agent in cloud environment (for each subc_request with QoS constraints) Step 4: Mapping of resources between cloud client, cloud agent and cloud service providers. Proposed multi agent based solution has influenced from [2] but it's not the realization of cloud federation rather it has to evaluate the scheduling and monitoring of the SaaS (task) application in public cloud's (cloud federation not interoperability). Table 3  shows the user satisfaction of the deployed SaaS obtained results and has been compared with existing malty agent based method  Rather than performing analytical calculation, proposed system has been compared with the author's MABOCCF and NMABOCCF method. Proposed agent based solution for guaranteed better elasticity and their efficient monitoring of the resources in the cloud which helps to gather analytical statistics of the resources currently held and will be used such a memory, number of instances and CPU. For evaluation of the propose agent based method data set (jsp) has been developed using jsp web pages and deployed onto the cloud evaluating the elasticity and its monitoring. To deploying created SaaS application in the cloud a PaaS service has been required to be subscribed, for this cloudbees PaaS service has been chosen. Following few areas has been chosen as future work as derivative of the proposed multi agent based solution where the current work can be taken further.
paper_272	This paper addresses the description of all parameters and evaluates switching processing times for three circuit breakers, VD4 /ABB Vacuum type 6.6KV/1500A/20KV/40KV-IEC60-071 " for maximum switching times 2.7ms". In addition the inside electroplates some characteristics can be described as followings: Non-sustained disruptive discharge voltages In general, the above characteristics are not involving associated with only vacuum switchgear itself a lone, but when connects the switchgear with power distribution transforms or synchronous motors, there are also many negative interactive processes for instance hysteresis currents, eddy currents and high voltage capacitive inside each transformer (Parasites electrostatics charged) feedback to the interrupter process. The term multiple re-ignitions refers to the series of alternate re-ignitions and high frequency (typical several hundred KHz)interruptions usually resulting in an increasing train of voltage peaks; this overall phenomena is usually defined as voltage escalation  [3, 4] . It is important to appreciate that while current chopping and voltage escalation can occur in a single -phase circuit, virtual current chopping is specifically a 3-phase characteristic: the effects of normal current chopping, multiple re ignition and over voltage escalation in one phase can generate surge over voltages in the second and third phases. Multiple repeated ignitions mean an over voltage magnitude is a straightforward concept: as the amplitude of any overvoltage increases, the probability of breakdown in vacuum or breakdown of solid insulation increases. The process of current chopping is the premature suppression of 50Hz or 60Hz circuit current before normal current zero due to instability of the arcs in a vacuum interrupter  [6] [7] . Since the high frequency characteristics of the power system equipment are depend on stray capacitances that mentioned above and inductances also and they in turn depend on physical dimensions, equipment layout, materials, cable lengths, all these can be represented as follows  [17] ; The figure represents TRV & Re-ignitions computed in the system when switching off power transformer load that the transient voltage approximately (350µs-450 µs) and shows very high frequency sub transients both going in the negative direction of the voltage -Left side. Normally our analysis for the switching process basically on parallel RLC circuit as following; L= Indicative load of stator winding coils C= parallel parasite `s capacitors -see the introduction R= evaluating resistance that can be damping oscillating. This has been done in Figure. By calculating the inductor current in parallel RLC circuit under conditions of a subsidence transient, but have a far wider application. The electrostatic charges -static charged -parasitism are almost depleted in the a mount current begin to decrease in the same time of first peak value which generates chopping currents, moreover the formula of the transition processing rate of du/dt or di/dt have to be considered.
paper_294	Moreover fresh cassava has a very short postharvest storage lifespan and as such, the Tiv people developed different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after harvest, as well as organizing their local markets where the cassava products would be sold. The study sampled 377 out of the population of 20,000. The snowball sampling technique was used in selecting the subjects for the study. Mean and standard deviation statistics was used in answering the research questions. However, the public library failed to acquire and store audiovisual materials on these management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava; information that would have been used for improving and reducing postharvest losses of cassava by farmers. It was therefore, recommended that concerned policy makers should make policies that will allow public libraries to acquire store and preserve audiovisual materials on various indigenous knowledge for development to ensue; and for posterity; and that governments and other stakeholders should ensure that the public library sector is adequately funded and manpower is adequately provided as well. Public libraries are supposed to be conscious of ensuring that these postharvest losses management strategies are captured, acquired stored in audiovisual format. Moreover fresh cassava has a very short postharvest storage lifespan and as such, the Tiv people developed different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after harvest, as well as organizing their local markets where the cassava products would be sold. Despite these postharvest losses management strategies, the different varieties of food stuffs processed from cassava are threatened to extinction due to the flooding of expensive western food stuffs in the markets; and the indigenous local markets where the products could be sold are not accessible due to lack of good access roads. In addition, these indigenous postharvest losses management strategies seem to be facing total extinction due to lack of documentation and storage of audiovisual materials on them. Specifically, the study sought to: 1. Determined whether public library has impacted on Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava. Apparently, in order to achieve this mission, public libraries preserve a variety of information materials including print materials such as books, monographs, serials and periodicals; and non-print materials such as audio or audiovisual materials such as cassettes, microfiche and films among others. This is their most crucial function of all. It involves among other things collecting information bearing materials from different sources, organizations and sometime even initiating and encouraging programs that would enable them capture traditional, socio-cultural and economic activities as well as appropriate information formats for posterity  (Agber & Mngutyô, 2013) . The variety of foods that are made from the roots and the nutritious leaves are reasons why cassava cultivation is expanding worldwide  (Lebot, 2009) . Consumer-driven trends which have contributed to this shift include rising incomes in urban areas, changing dietary habits, more women in the work-place, reduced time for meal preparation and growing demand for safety, quality and convenience  (Rolle, 2006) . The public library owes the people a duty to go into the hinterlands of the Tiv nation in Benue State to collect audiovisual materials on these postharvest losses management strategies. This would have been achieved by capturing of audio narrations of elderly cassava farmers by recording, as well as organizing custodians of the knowledge to shot informative video clips and snap shot for video slides aimed at educating the younger generation and storing the materials for posterity. The study adopted a survey design, which is the type of design that enables the researcher to collect data from a group of people through questionnaire, interview or observation techniques for the purpose of analysis and subsequent interpretation. The sample size of 680 out of the population of 20,000 was drawn using the sample size table, (Emaikwu, 2015). They used the Fish Bowl Technique by writing Yes and No for the respondents to choose and those who chose Yes were finally given questionnaire to respond to it. The researchers did this until they arrive at the sample size of 680. The instrument used for data collection was Questionnaire constructed by the researchers. Section A of the questionnaire contained respondents' bio-data, which included sex and occupation. Section C also consisted of 7 variables of ways public library has impacted on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava and Section D consisted of 5 variables of challenges faced by public libraries in acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava in Benue state. Apparently, copies of the questionnaire were administered to the respondents in the study area with the aid of three research assistants, who administered and retrieved the questionnaire from the respondents. Data were analyzed using mean and standard deviations. Data was collected using 4 point rating scale instrument. Importantly, on each research question, data were collected on related items in the instrument. The collected data were analyzed using mean and standard deviation. Apparently, any item of the instrument whose mean rating scores was 2.50 and above was considered significant and any item with the mean rating scores below 2.50 was not considered significant. The collected data were analyzed and presented in  Table 1 . From  Table 1 , it can be seen that the mean rating scores of all the items are above 2.50. This means that peeling the cassava, slicing it and sun drying known as Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), peeling the cassava, slicing, sun drying it and grinding into flour known as Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it and frying known as Gari Akom, slicing the cassava, sun drying and burning it into ashes known as Mtuhem (Base), peeling the cassava, fermenting, sieving and squeezing it into lumps known as Akpu, peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it, mixing with salt and other ingredients and frying with palm or groundnuts oil known as Kweesi or Akweesa Akom and peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing and sieving the starch and preparing it for food as Kamu Akom are the management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. In order to answer the research question, data were collected relating to the research question, analyzed and presented in  Table 2 . Table 2  shows the mean rating scores of all the items are below 2.50, which implies that the public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava through acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom (peeled, grated, squeezed and fried cassava), Mtuhem ma Akom (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom (Cassava Cake) and Kamu Akom (edible cassava starch). The collected data were analyzed and presented in  Table 3 . Table 3 , it can be seen that the mean rating scores of all the items are above 2.50. This implies that lack of adequate funding to facilitate acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on various aspects of indigenous knowledge, inadequate technical knowledge and skills of staffs, lack of adequate staffs, lack of Policy Statement on the acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv indigenous knowledge such as management of postharvest losses of cassava, and lack of initiative on the part of library management to make attempts to acquire and store audiovisual materials on various forms of indigenous knowledge are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. Based on the results in  Table 1 , the findings from the study revealed that processing cassava into Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom, Mtuhem (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom and Kamu Akom are the Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. Table 2 , findings of the study revealed that the public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava through acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom (peeled, grated, squeezed and fried cassava), Mtuhem ma Akom (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom (Cassava Cake) and Kamu Akom (edible cassava starch). Findings from the study based on the result in  Table 3  showed that lack of adequate funding to facilitate acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on various aspects of indigenous knowledge, inadequate technical knowledge and skills of staffs, lack of adequate staffs, lack of Policy Statement on the acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv indigenous knowledge such as management of postharvest losses of cassava, and lack of initiative on the part of library management to make attempts to acquire and store audiovisual materials on various forms of indigenous knowledge are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. However, the public library failed to acquire and store audiovisual materials on these management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava; information that would have been used for improving and reducing postharvest losses of cassava by farmers. Therefore, it was recommended that concerned policy makers should make policies that will allow public libraries to acquire store and preserve audiovisual materials on various indigenous knowledge for development to ensue; and for posterity. The study found out that public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava through storage of audiovisual materials on the subject matter. Importantly, if public library has acquired and stored audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava, cassava farmers would have accessed these information materials to improve on various ways of managing postharvest losses of cassava in Benue State of Nigeria. The study concludes that public library must make it a point of duty to start acquiring, storing and preserving information materials on indigenous knowledge, particularly in audiovisual format, since this is the only way the library will be useful to the host communities.
paper_298	Survey research design was used, registered users of the University Library between 2016-2019 numbering 920 formed the population of the study where a sample of 272 (30% sample) was used based on 95% confidence level and 5% confidence interval of Sample Size Calculator. In effect, the respondents use card catalogue regularly compared to the OPAC. Majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. Poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. The study recommended that the library management should organize a periodic user education, orientation and sensitization programmes for the undergraduate users to create awareness and enable them gain the needed skills to use the library catalogue maximally when searching for information resources. Guidelines on how to use catalogue and library in general should be prepared and issued to registered users. The university library goals and objectives are to provide adequate and relevant information resources both in print and online for university community to support teaching, learning and research (these for undergraduates students may refer to class work, assignments, research/project work, term papers, seminar presentation by providing relevant information and services provision for effective and efficient achievement of academic pursuit). University library provides well stocked information resources and trained personnel to organize available information materials and assist faculty members and student users in the retrieval and use of these resources. Libraries were traditionally known to provide access to library information materials through card catalogues and book catalogue as the primary information locating tools. KumarandVohra investigated the use of Online Public Access Catalogue by the users at Guru Nanak Dev University Library, Amritsar (Punjab) and discovered that majority of the respondents 68.7% were not aware regarding OPAC, 12.5% stated the reason to be lack of assistance from library staff and slow speed. The purpose of using OPAC majority of the respondents 63.2% stated that they use OPAC to know the availability of required document. Kumar revealed that 26.99% respondents use the OPAC fortnightly and 22.84% weekly. 91% respondents used the title search approach and 83.04% used the author search approach, User also indicated that the information regarding the problem faced by the respondents while using the OPAC like 74.39% faced by the problem lack of proper guidance about OPAC followed by 67.47% lack of awareness, 36.33% satisfied with the OPAC and its services  [7] . Consequently, AmkpaandIman emphasized that the success or failure of students to locate resources in the library depends on the skill acquired though the library instruction progamme  [8] . Aguolu andAguolu observed that students use catalogue mostly for educational purposes and have really helped in conducting and disseminating information resources in the library  [10] . However, it is observed sometimes that the bibliographic tools that supposed to lead or guides user to the location of a particular item in the library are either found in adequate, misleading, totally not provided or somehow incomplete. The stratification sampling technique was employed to sample the entire registered population of undergraduate library users from each level (100-500) in Federal University of Kashere respectively. However, out of 272 questionnaires that were distributed, the same 272 were returned and 262 were found useful because 10 respondents indicated not aware of the subject. This finding is in agreement with Clifford & Zaccus whose study on "users attitude towards the use of library catalogue in two selected University Libraries in South West Nigeria" revealed that number of the male respondents is higher than female respondents  [11] . Librarians in discharging their responsibilities should inform library users by communicating the availability of new technology and the way it operates to them. Table 2  revealed that majority of the respondents 262 (96.3%) were aware of the existence of the library catalogue in the university library. The awareness of respondents would depend on the way the library informs their users about the use and functions of library catalogue revealing the available resources and its location in the library. In order to find out how respondents became aware of the library catalogue in the university library, options were provided in the questionnaire on the sources of library catalogue and they were asked to indicate the sources of their awareness. This implies that majority of respondents became aware of information retrieval tools through library staff and user education programmes these are more formal sources of awareness about library catalogue function and use. The result proves that the management of the university library provides awareness opportunity to users for retrieval and utilization of information resources, except that they need to put more emphasis during library orientation to add to existing ones. The study sought to find out the catalogue use patterns of respondents, the options were given for the users to choose which is applicable to them. Table 5  indicated that majority of the respondents 158 (60%) used the library catalogue regularly when searching for materials in the library. 24 (9%) of the respondents never used the catalogue but they were aware of it existence in the library as indicated on table 2 above. The finding of this study however revealed that the rate at which the respondents used the library catalogue regularly was very high. Total  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  100  10  20  0  0  6  12  28  56  6  12  0  0  50  200  10  23  6  14  10  23  16  36  2  5  0  0  44  300  10  19  6  11  14  26  12  22  6  11  6  11  54  400  14  25  0  0  36  64  6  11  0  0  0  0  56  500  2  3  0  0  54  93  2  3  0  0  0  0  58  Total  46  18  12  5  120  46  64  24  14  5  6  2  262  The finding indicated poor use of OPAC 12 (5%) at the university library. This finding is in agreement with Fabunmi & Asubiojo whose study on OPAC use by students of Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife found out that though many students were aware of the OPAC, few actually made use of it. The study found that majority of the respondents were aware of library catalogue in the library including OPAC  [12] . The finding in this case was surprising considering that majority of the respondents had indicated that they do not use the OPAC. The reason for this could be attributed to the fact that users did not have the ICT skills to manipulate the OPAC and they solicit the help of library assistants or even friends to retrieve information materials in the library. Table 7  revealed that 118 (45%) of the respondents use catalogue to access information for assignment, followed by those that use it to retrieve information for research 96 (37%). It could be concluded that majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. This agrees with the findings of Oghenekaro that 94 (37.5%) of the respondents used it for research purpose, 66 (26.3) used it for enquiry, while others used it for bibliographic record supply, document delivery and others  [1] . Higher number of the respondents indicated poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC 96 (37%) and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available 58 (22%) were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. Again, the later challenge could be attributed to lack proper shelf reading by the library staff, which made users not to locate material indicated available in the library by the catalogue and not visible on its shelf. This finding corroborates with that of Ogbole & Morayo which revealed that (41.1%) of the respondents rarely use OPAC. It is disturbing to discover from the study, that most of the respondents were aware of the card catalogues as access and retrieval tool for searching for information resources in the library. Unfortunately, most of the respondents were yet to be conscious of the existence of the OPAC, do not understand its operations and rarely use the service despite the huge investment of library resources in the production. It could be concluded that majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. Another source of frustration was reasonable number of the respondents indicated poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. b. Librarians should organize orientation and sensitization programmes that will create awareness, and encourage the university community to effectively use OPAC to ensure proper use of library information resources. d. Regular shelf reading should be done so as to establish right contact between library users and library materials and avoid misplacement or wrong shelving of information resources.
paper_305	This is primarily due to difficulties in uncovering uncertainties in information provided by credit applicants and also due to lack of reliable automated techniques that would improve the efficiency of manual underwriting procedures. The results obtained proved that such a mechanism can be applied to augment manual credit appraising processes, especially where large volumes of applications are to be processed within limited timeframes. Generally, bank loan officers rely on traditional methods to guide them in evaluating the worthiness of loan applications. This is the first empirical research of its kind in our country that addresses in a systematic way the issue of using Meta classifiers in loan ap-plications. The general objectives of this study were to: 1) Implement the meta learning algorithm -LogitBoost to develop as system for evaluating credit applications to support loan decisions in Kenyan financial institutions 2) Outline some of the challenges of using the learning algorithm in the decision-making process for the banking industry in Kenya 3) Champion the applicability of Java as an open source software in business intelligence applications From time immemorial in the banking sector, banks have relied on the personal assessment of loan risks or on the traditional statistical methods to predict the default of loans instead of using a standardized evaluation tool. These traditional methods often require a great deal of subjective input from underwriters, making them un-reliable and often lack empirical and scientific backing. Further, the study considered a binary output from the classifier, hence dependent variable can only take on accept or reject values with an emphasis on the banking industry in Kenya; though the results can easily be generalized to institutions elsewhere. Although the classifier takes this into account through voting -in which those values that meet certain thresholds are promoted to either of the classification values, most of such incidences are minimal and can be handled through judgmental procedures by re-examining those peculiar cases and applying policies as laid out. The traditional credit appraising techniques based on a hybrid mixture of manual and statistical techniques such as indices and reporting, credit bureau references, post screening, fact act, multiple credit accounts and initial credit line, the manual input are definitely inadequate in modern times. One of the earliest automated procedures uses statistical tools which have fallen short of the inherent challenge for today's commercial banks is their desire to understand large amounts of information and reveal useful knowledge to improve decision-making. Boosting works by sequentially applying a classification algorithm to reweighted versions of the training data and then taking a weighted majority vote of the sequence of classifiers thus produced  [4] [5] [6] . One such algorithm that effectively addresses these issues is the LogitBoost Meta classifier -based on the log of the odds ratio for the dependent variable  [7, 8] . The solution to the problem was an adaptation of ensemble machine learning strategies where a 'weak' classifier, commonly referred to as a base classifier was boosted through a series of adjustments through weighting and re-sampling to develop a better learner which was an additive aggregate of individual learners. The reported technique derives from the intuitive understanding that instead of putting all the effort on finding highly accurate base classifiers, it becomes sufficient or even desirable to use a set of weaker hypotheses. Resulting classifier is a simple threshold on a single feature a) Outputs a +1 if the attribute is above a certain threshold b) Outputs a -1 if the attribute is below the threshold In majority voting, to predict the class of a new item, each base classifier got to vote for either the 'accept' or the 'reject' class. A accept classification for a loan decision meant pointed to a successful application while a reject classification pointed to the alternative. It can be proven (as discussed here-under), that under the assumption that all individual classifiers have the same prediction rate and that the distribution of the data correctly classified by each base classifier is independent and random, this is the best possible strategy. In our study, the variable k was bi-valued and took on either 'accept' or 'reject' values and K was set at 2. The model was specified in terms of K −1 log-odds that separate each class from the base class K. a) With K attributes , there are K different decision stumps to choose from b) At each stage of boosting i. given reweighted data from previous stage ii. Calculate an average performance. This strategy is similar to the use of two files as discussed earlier but relies on the learner to automatically partition a given data set into two given a split percentage This gives an accuracy of 19/20=95% This gives a precision value of 7/7=1 This gives a recall value of 7/8=0.88  Figure 2 . The ROC graph is a plot of two measures: Sensitivity: The probability of true classifications given true instances i.e. Three options were investigated for training the algorithm namely: a) The use of single file both for training and testing the model through stratified cross validation. The model accuracy using this procedure was 86.86% making it a fairly reliable strategy b) The use of separate training and testing data sets returned an accuracy of 95% making it a relatively better strategy c) The use of a ratio to determine the size of the training and testing files from one data set returned an accuracy of 88.64% Therefore, it implies from these findings that the use of separate files for training and testing of the model returns the best model accuracy and hence should be adopted. The trained model was subjected to 20 instances of unclassified data which had been carefully selected from a portion of the training and through analysis returned 19 correctly classified instances resulting in a predictive accuracy of 95% A cost matrix can be fined as part of the training procedure that penalizes wrong classifications especially the true negatives for this study. Finally, as stated earlier in the introduction, it is not prudent to completely rely on an automated credit appraising as some cases might require subjective interpretation and personal judgment. As a conclusion, the reported work indeed confirmed that: 1) Machine learning procedures can be applied in financial modeling applications to augment manual underwriting techniques 2) These procedures can greatly improve the efficiency of such techniques because of their ability to handle large items of data generating very useful statistics 3) This work can be improved through the use of enhanced data set pre-processing procedures, the use of a cost matrix as well as parameter tuning to settle on the most effective set for various data mining requirements.
paper_310	Android application based smart phones are becoming each time more powerful and equipped with several accessories that are useful for Robots. Bluetooth has changed how people use digital device at home or office, and has transferred traditional wired digital devices into wireless devices. We are using Arduino software to interface the Bluetooth module with microcontroller. The project aims in designing a Robot that can be operated using Android mobile phone. The controlling of the Robot is done wirelessly through Android smart phone using the Bluetooth feature present in it. In achieving the task the controller is loaded with a program written using Embedded 'C' language. Still there exists a requirement of a cost-effective automation system, which will be easy to implement. Few things like cost-effectiveness and simplicity in design, lowprofile structure etc. d) An android smart-phone and the technology of android is vast and can be used to interact with embedded system. h) Through the Bluetooth module for monitoring and controlling the particular motor reaches the board and process accordingly and the output of the Arduino goes to the motor driver IC and it controls the particular motor. The microcontroller is programmed with the help of the Embedded C programming. Here we the Bluetooth RC Controller application (  Figure 3 ) as the operating remote of this system. The advantage of this project is that the application software designed for android phones is kept simple but attractive with all necessary built-in functions. Arduino software (  Figure 5 ) is used to put the instruction of whole functions of this system to the microcontroller. The program is burnt in the microcontroller using burner software. In android application when we press a button, a corresponding signal is sent through the Bluetooth to Bluetooth module (HC-05) which is connected with the Arduino board. When signal data arrives the Arduino the pin which corresponds to the particular input is set to high. There are two steps of the programming. The working principle is kept as simple as possible. The working principle of the circuit has been elaborated with the help of a block diagram, of the system interconnection as shown in  Figure 6 . As seen from the  Figure 6 . Through the Bluetooth module for monitoring and controlling the particular motor reaches the board and process accordingly and the output of the Arduino goes to the motor driver IC and it controls the particular motor. Our proposed project consists of the following three sections: a) Input section b) Microcontroller section c) Output section In our android application base Bluetooth controlled robotic car, the user interacts with the system with a smart phone. The corresponding motor moves as per the input data. These commands help the microcontroller to interface with the Bluetooth module HC-05 and also with the motor driver IC L293D. Then the microcontroller decides the operation for the instruction which is coming from the smart phone. The functions of the given instructions are operated by the microcontroller. The instructions are sent by the smart phone. When any input is given then the motors moves as per the preloaded functions in the microcontroller. The novelty lies in the fact that it is a cost-effective project with a simple and easy to use interface compared to existing ones. The robot is small in size so it can be used in spying purpose. The robot can be used for surveillance.
paper_333	The aim of this study is to design a model for Enset diseases diagnosis using Image processing and Multiclass SVM techniques. This study presented a general process model to classify a given Enset leaf image as normal or infected. The strategy of K-fold stratified cross validation was used to enhance generalization of the model. The proposed model demonstrated with four different kernels, and the overall result indicates that the RBF Kernel achieves the highest accuracy as 94.04% and 92.44% for bacterial wilt and fusarium wilt respectively. Enset crop is related to and resembles the banana plant which is an indigenous plant classified under the monocarpic genus Enset and family Musaceae. Particularly, diagnosis of potential diseases on Ethiopian banana is based on traditional ways and due to limited research attention given to Enset crop production. If the Enset crop diseases can be minimized then definitely the production will significantly be increased to contribute to the country's economy towards a new boost. The remaining part of this paper is organized as follows. The types of common Enest diseases are discussed in Section II. In Section III, we present the architecture of proposed system. Experimental results are reported in Section IV. Section V presents the conclusion and discusses of future works. So far a number of fungal, nematode, viral and bacterial diseases were reported to cause damage at different degrees of intensity that was mainly explored by Quimio research finding since 1992. Among various diseases, Enset bacterial wilt and Fusarium Wilt is considered as the most dangers one that reduces Enset yield  [6, 7, 8] . Figure 2  shows the architecture of the proposed system As it is mentioned in the above section, for the experiment two diseases and one normal of Enset were identified. Test Result For the experimentation a total of fifteen experimental setups which is color, texture morphological and a combination of each and a multiclass Kernel support vector machine model: Linear Kernel, polynomial Kernel, RBF kernel and Quadratic Kernel was used. The detail classification result is shown in  figure 4 .
paper_389	This paper systematically describes the definition, model structure, parameter estimation and corpus selection of the conditional random field model, and applies the conditional random field to the Chinese word segmentation and the Chinese word segmentation method. Experiments are carried out to analyze the influence of the choice of conditional random field model parameters and the selection of Chinese character annotation sets on the experimental results. Furthermore, the condition of random field model can be used to add the advantages of arbitrary features, and some new features are added to the model. Experiments on the corpus show that the introduction of the word position probability feature has improved the accuracy, recall and the value of Fl. For example, Xue N divides Chinese characters into four categories according to their different positions in Chinese words, and then divides them into Chinese characters by using the maximum entropy model. For example, "O" can be used to represent individual Chinese characters, "B" means Chinese characters appear in the head, "I" means Chinese characters appear in the middle or the end of the word. We first set three candidate marks "O", "B" and "I" for each Chinese character and add a start node "BOS" to the head, An end node "EOS". According to the meaning of "O", "B" and "I", the rules are summarized as follows: 1, the sentence of the first Chinese character tag can not be I, the last character of the mark can not be B. Since the selection of features has a great impact on the results of CRF segmentation, it is a key issue to consider which features to choose. As mentioned earlier, the CRF makes it easy to add any feature in the observed sequence to the model, so that not only the transfer and emission characteristics of the traditional HMM sequence model can be incorporated into the model, but also some other The feature information associated with the observation sequence or with the language itself is added to the model. The probability of the i-character of the position as the prefix: pY> 95% 昨狭抨第竞耽 3 Z The probability of the i-character as the suffix: pZ> 95% 丸役袄侣丸瞰 4 R The probability of the i-character individual word of the position: 85% <= pR <= 95% 吧枚刘磊躺却 5 U Position of the i-character as a prefix of the probability: formula_0 The probability of the i-character as the suffix: 85% <= pV<= 95% 貌型胁帘午岸 7 D The probability of the i-character position of the individual word: pD <= 5% 言辽改信申仪 8 E The probability of the i-character of the position as the prefix: pE <= 5% 业络王场姆杨 9 F The probability of the i-character as the suffix: pF<= 5% 增隐晋香浓伊 In order to deal with the long-distance information, this paper takes the context distance as 2. The feature template in  Table 2  is a classification of Chinese characters, the template well dealing with numbers, letters and punctuation marks such as error-prone not logged in the above table, the  Table 1 feature  template is a basic feature template, Use word-based. The probabilities of the position probabilities in  Table 3  are extracted from the training corpus and the probability of each position is calculated according to the following probability formula: P (individual word) = number of occurrences of the individual idiom of the word / total number of occurrences of the word * 100% (1) P (prefix) = number of occurrences of the word as a prefix / total number of occurrences of the word * 100% (2) P (suffix) = number of occurrences of the word as a suffix / total number of occurrences of the word * 100%  3 After many experiments and comparisons, the probability of more than 85% or probability of less than 5% of the word as a location probability feature, but also on the selected word for some filtering, the elimination of some unnecessary words, such as At the same time, select the probability of greater than or equal to 85% of the word is subdivided into the probability of 85% <p <95% and p> 95% of the two sets. In this paper, CRF automatic word segmentation experiments, the use of features include the following two: a single word characteristic: a position on the word characteristics. CRF word segmentation system is a word segmentation system based on conditional random field, and the Chinese word segmentation method is adopted. Secondly, feature extraction is carried out to generate training corpus and test corpus which can be recognized by CRF model tool. The format is as follows: each line includes a word and some characters and markings related to the word, characters and characteristics, And between the feature and the tag are separated by tabs. In addition, automatic word segmentation system should also be easy to expand, maintainability and portability; to support different regions, different application areas of different application goals; vocabulary and processing functions, processing methods can be flexible combination of loading and unloading, thereby enhancing the system Processing precision and processing speed; also, to build a "information processing with the modern Chinese word segmentation standard" to match the common or common modern Chinese word segmentation. CRF The word segmentation system is a word segmentation system based on the conditional random field, and uses the feature template one, the feature template two and the feature template three. Table 4  below shows the results of the CRF word segmentation system on the Yangtze River Daily Test Set and the contribution of each feature template to the results. The results of "+ feature template 3" model are obviously better than that of "+ feature template 2" model, that is, under the condition of adding feature template 3, F-score is 4.4% higher than that of feature template 3, Played a better effect. Moreover, since the word position probability feature is extracted completely from the training corpus, some of the participle criterion information of the corpus is extracted to a certain extent, so that when the test set is tested, Corpus. In order to compare the availability of the conditional random field model, we also established two word segmentation models: Hidden Markov Model (HMM) segmentation model and Maximum Entropy (MEM) segmentation model. (CRF) word segmentation model, the experiment uses the combination of "feature template one", "feature template two" and "feature template three" in the common daily closed test set Test, the performance comparison of the results shown in  Table 5 . This chapter first briefly introduces the CRF tools, experiment corpus and standard of experimental evaluation in Chinese word segmentation experiments. The experiment not only demonstrates the influence of the choice of conditional random field model parameters and Chinese character annotation set on the experimental results, but also verifies the validity of the new features and the feasibility of the new method.
paper_391	Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. Globally, tetanus is responsible for 5% of maternal deaths and 14% of neonatal deaths annually. Thus, the aim of this study was to identify the best classifier, and to predict the pattern from the TT data set using the data mining algorithms technique. The data for this study were the Tetanus Toxoid data set from the Ethiopian Demographic and Health Survey (EDHS) 2011, and analyzed using the Knowledge discovery process of Selection, Processing, Transforming, mining, and interpretation. In the cross-validation with 10 folds, correctly classified best are by naïve Bayesian 63.30% and the least accurate were by k-nearest neighbor 60.52%. As a conclusion, the best algorithm based on the TT vaccination data is multilayer perceptron classifier with an accuracy of 67.28% and the total time taken to build the model is at 0.01 seconds. These results suggest that among the machine learning algorithm tested, multilayer perceptron classifier has the potential to significantly improve the conventional classification methods for use in EDHS data of Tetanus toxoid. Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. Thus, women receive doses of tetanus toxoid to protect their birth against neonatal tetanus  [1] . Globally tetanus is responsible for 5% of maternal deaths and 14% of neonatal deaths annually, accounting for up to 25% neonate's death in some African countries  [3] [4] [5] . Ethiopia has one of the highest neonatal tetanus morbidity and mortality rate in the world due to low tetanus toxoid immunization coverage coupled with some 90% of deliveries taking place at home in unsanitary conditions. In Ethiopia in 1999 WHO has estimated about 17,875 neonatal tetanus cases and 13406 NNT deaths which made the country to contribute to 4.6% of the global NNT deaths  [3] . Ethiopia's Expanded Program on Immunization (EPI) started in 1980 and remains the single most important component of primary health care supported by the Ministry of Health. The vaccine to prevent Maternal Neonatal Tetanus (MNT) introduced as part of routine immunization programs in over 100 countries by the end of 2011. Immunizing the mother prior to childbirth with TT protects both her and her newborn against tetanus and antenatal care is the main programmatic entry point for routine TT immunization. Five doses of TT can ensure protection throughout the reproductive years and even longer. In this study, we have used several data mining techniques; classification, clustering, association and outlier detection techniques over the nominated Tetanus Toxoid immunization dataset of the EDHS 11. The main objective of this project was to identify the best classifier, and to predict the pattern from the TT data set using the data mining algorithms and tools for tetanus toxoid vaccination and to connect the technical field public health and medical field to serve the community. In the data mining phase, a procedure is run that executes the desired task and generates a set of patterns. In this tool we have been applied different classification algorithms, clustering and predict a useful result that will be very helpful for the health care planner, new users, and new researchers. Data values and attributes were modified, added and/or deleted, filtered, recorded, dropped the missing values, transformed and attributes are integrated in order to be used by the machine learning techniques in the analysis step for the study. Such models, called classifiers, predict categorical class labels (nominal, ordinal). The classification methods used in this study is to classify data according to their classes putting the data in a single group that belongs to a common class. Where each branch represents an outcome of the test, each internal node denotes a test on an attribute, and each leaf node holds a class label. This approach uses divide and conquers algorithm to split a root node into a subset of two partitions till leaf node that occurs in a tree. K-Nearest Neighbor Classifiers K-Nearest Neighbor is one of the simplest classifier which discovers the unidentified data point using the previously known data points, that is, nearest neighbor  [10] . When given an unknown tuple, a k-nearest-neighbor classifier searches the pattern space for the k training tuples that are closest to the unknown tuple. These k training tuples are the k "nearest neighbors" of the unknown tuple  [7, 10] . This assumption is called class conditional independence. This is for assessing how "accurate" your classifier is at predicting the class label of tuples. In K-fold cross-validation, the initial data are randomly partitioned into k mutually exclusive folds, D1, D2 … DK, each of approximately equal size. To discover acceptable classes using Simple K-Means based on the principle of maximizing the similarity between objects in the same class i.e., intra-class similarity and minimizing the similarity between objects of different classes i.e., inter-class similarity  [7] . First, it randomly selects k of the objects in D, each of them initially represents a cluster mean or simply center. The iterations continue until the task is stable, that is, the clusters formed in the current round are the same as those formed in the previous round. This is to identify the frequency of the selected attribute occurring together with access to Tetanus toxoid vaccination, based on a threshold called support, identifies the frequent attribute sets. Another threshold is Confidence, which is the conditional probability than an attribute appears in a transaction using the Apriori algorithm. This shows that the results of the accuracy and performance of learning machines on the tetanus toxoid vaccination data set are hence reliable and can be used as good indicators of the ability of the classifier for detection. The only attribute of the algorithm we are interested in adjusting here is the "Num clusters field", which tells us how many clusters into five based on the instruction given. Briefly described as follows: Cluster 0-This group have 1534 (27%) instances of which consist of mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Oromo in ethnic, literacy status unable to read mothers, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 15-24, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 1-This group consists of 1004 (18%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, access to TV yes, orthodox in religion, Oromo in ethnic, literacy status unable to read mothers, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 15-24, mother marital status married, head of household male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 2-This group consists of 2063 (37%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated No. Cluster 3-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 4-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Amhara in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 35-49, mother marital status married, hh_head Female, tt-vaccinated yes. In this study, the data mining tool and algorithm like (J48, k-nearest, and Bayes) is used for selecting the training and test data, for classification, and K-means approach for clustering, single-dimension association rule to identify the best association. The specific approaches of mining tools, learning are characterized, we developed the WEKA method is based on choosing the file and selecting attributes to convert ". Our work extends to utilize the implementation of the dataset for data mining tool present in all sections to achieve a better rate of accuracy and improve the efficiency when analyzing the large dataset. As a conclusion, the best algorithm based on the TT vaccination data is multilayer perceptron classifier with an accuracy of 67.28% and the total time taken to build the model is at 0.01 seconds. These results suggest that among the machine learning algorithm tested, multilayer perceptron classifier has the potential to significantly improve the conventional classification methods for use in medical data.
paper_402	The BPNN and SFS were used interchangeably to identify the relevant features that contributed with the response variable. As a result, the BPNN with the selected features was able to interpret more accurate results (r 2 = 0.991) than the model with all the features (r 2 = 0.816). The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete. It is concluded that the usage of ANN with SFS provided an improvement to the prediction model's accuracy, making it a viable tool for machine learning approaches in civil engineering case studies. The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete  [14] [15] [16] [17] . The evolution of UHPC has lead structural engineers to improve the compressive strength, ductility, and durability of heavy loaded reinforced concrete (RC) structures. Other researchers proposed different mixtures by adding fly ash and sand to reduce the amount of cement and silica fume, and acquire an optimum mix that is both economical and sustainable  [25, 26] . Therefore, researchers began conducting investigations on the utilization of machine learning techniques for the development of prediction models that could assist engineers and researchers to produce appropriate UHPC mixes. Despite the statistical advantages of ANN, it has been long regarded as a black box that evaluates functions using input covariates and yielding outputs. There are several machine learning techniques, in the literature, that assist researchers in identifying the underlying covariates impacting the prediction model. ANN) until the model's error function increases. There are two types of SFS classes -mainly filter method and wrapper method  [28] , where Zhou et al. [29]  used the Markov Blanket with a wrapper method to select the most relevant features of human motion recognition. Four sets of open human motion data and two types of machine learning algorithms were used. Moreover, Rodriguez-Galiano et al. Four types of machine learning algorithms were used as wrappers for the SFS. As a result, the Rain Forest machine learning algorithm used with SFS showed promising results, where only three features were sufficient enough in predicting the most accurate results. Table 1  presents the initial input variables together with their range (maximum and minimum values) and symbols for identifying them in this experimental program. There are two types of ANN models: (1) feed forward; and (2) feed backward. The input neurons are responsible for containing the independent parameter presented by the user, the wires represent the randomly generated matrices called weights that manipulate the function's slope or steepness, the hidden neurons map the weights variables using an activation function, and the bias units control the output function's shift, either upward or downward. the NMSE), and the search algorithm, which are the methods of how the machine add/removes the features from the subset. There are two types of search algorithms: sequential forward selection and sequential backward selection. The ANN numerical solver, Levenberg-Marquardt, was verified by testing different number of neurons using a basis like the normalized mean square error (NMSE) to measure the error. The SFS algorithm was run 200 times to capture all possible combinations of independent features when using ANN. The selected features, using SFS, were analyzed by the previous BPNN model. As a result, the model that used the selected features showed stronger agreement with the experimental results in contrast with that prior to the selection. The correlation plots between the predicted and experimental results for the ANN models, with and without selected features using SFS, are summarized in  Figure 4(a)  presents the percent deviation, where an arbitrary percent deviation was plotted above and below the perfect fit line with a deviation value of ±20%. Table 4  shows the coefficient values, with their corresponding symbols, for each UHPC constituent with the statistical measurements of the LSR model. The LSR model is a linear function and its form is shown in  (2) . BPNN was used and three major steps were executed: (1) verification of ANN; (2) application of both SFS; and NID, and (3) analysis of selected features using ANN and LSR. The SFS tool was used to select the relevant constituent that impacted have the most impact on the compressive strength of UHPC which are mainly Cement, Sillica Fume, Flyash, and Water. It can be concluded from this study that: 1) The use of ANN with SFS reduced the number of input parameters needed to accurately predict the compressive strength of UHPC mix for the prediction of compressive strength, making it less computationally expensive.
paper_418	Time series analyses are statistical methods used to assess trends in repeated measurements taken at equally spaced time intervals and their relationships with other trends or events, taking account of the temporal structure of such data. An important aspect of descriptive time series analysis is the choice of model for time series decomposition. In particular, this means that the fluctuations overlapping the trend-cycle are not dependent on the series level. Here again, no statistical test was provided for the choice. An important aspect of descriptive time series analysis is the choice of model for time series decomposition. The emphasis is to compare the row, column and overall means and variances of the Buys-Ballot table for additive and mixed model when trend-cycle component of time series is linear. The amplitude of the seasonal factor varies with the level of the time series; also for additive model, the seasonal component is the same (roughly constant) in the same period over different years. Sometimes the seasonal component is a proportion of the underlying trend value. Gupta  [8]  observed that, the additive model assumes that all the four components of the time series operate independently of each other so that none of these components has any effect on the remaining three. This means that trend may be, has no effect on the seasonal and cyclical components nor do seasonal swings have any impact on cyclical variations. The seasonal or cyclical variation may virtually be wiped off by very sharp and rising or declining trend. While multiplicative, model assumes that the four components of the time series are due to different causes but that, they are not necessarily independent and they can affect each other. Oladugba et al  [9]  gave brief description of additive and multiplicative seasonality. Iwueze and Nwogu  [10]  observed that when the trend-cycle component is linear, the column variances of the Buys-Ballot table are constant for the additive model, but contain the seasonal component for the multiplicative model. The method adopted in this study is the Buys-Ballot procedure in descriptive time series. 2 (a) The column means mimic the shape of the trending parameters and contain seasonal indices for additive model. The column variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model, but a function of slope and seasonal indices for the mixed model. formula_5 Source: Iwueze and Nwogu (2014), Nwogu el al (2019). We assume that the length of periodic interval is s For additive model, using the expression in table 1, we obtain  formula_6 when there is no trend. That is when 0 b =  (Table 1)  For mixed model, we obtain using the expression in  Table  1  ( ) ( )  formula_8 when there is no trend. That is when ( 0 b = ), it is clear from  For mixed model, we obtain using the expression in  Table 1  . Table 3  that when there is no trend i.e.
paper_428	The present article examines the influence of thermal radiation on two-dimensional incompressible magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) mixed convective heat transfer flow of Williamson fluid flowing past a porous wedge. In Non-Newtonian fluids, the most frequently encountered fluids are pseudoplastic fluids, and Navier-stokes equations alone are insufficient to describe the rheological properties of these fluids, therefore, to overcome this defect, several rheological model like Ellis model, Power law model, Carreaus model and Cross model are presented, but little attention has been compensated to the Williamson fluid model and estimated to explain the rheological properties of pseudoplastic fluids. attained both numerical and analytical solutions of Williamson fluid transport through stretching surface subject to joule heating, and they observed that both methods have great argument with all parameters of flow  [7] . studied the peristaltic motion of non-Newtonian fluid through asymmetric channels along porous wall by means of various phase and amplitude, and also studied the manipulation of different wave structures on the fluid flow model  [8] . Reddy discussed unsteady MHD transport of rotating fluid past a permeable surface confined by infinite vertical permeable plate and concluded that by increasing rotating parameter the velocity field is also increased  [23] . By utilizing Killer box technique numerical solutions of problem of mixed convection axisymmetric flow of air with variable physical properties was obtained by Ramarozara  [36] . Bau investigated the thermal convection in a saturated stratified medium bounded between two parallel eccentric cylinders with the help of a regular perturbation expansion along Daarcy-Rayleigh number; it was observed that the appropriate preference of eccentricity values can maximize the heat transfer inside annulus of various thermal insulators  [37] . investigated flow reversal of mixed convection in a three dimensional channel and concluded that an increase in Richardson number, natural convection dominates the flow and thermal field of combine convection  [39] . Kaya found nonsimilar solutions of steady laminar mixed convection heat transfer flow from a perpendicular cone in a porous medium with influence of radiation, conduction, interaction and having high porosity  [40] . studied unsteady combined convection flow in a cavity in presence of nanofluid  [41] . Chaudhary and Jain studied the impact of mass transfer, radiation and hall on MHD mixed convection flow of viscoelastic fluid in an infinite plate  [43] . Ferdows & Liu obtained the similarity solutions of mixed convection heat convey in parallel surface with internal heat production  [44] . To examine accuracy of our work a comparison has been made with the available works of Ishak et al. [78] , Yih  [79]  and Rashidi et al.
paper_432	And found some results; The theory of reduction of cotangent bundles developed playing an important role in solution of the general problem for reduction a single or bit type cotangent bundles for base manifolds, possibility study of Hamiltonian tubes when the simplistic manifolds is a cotangent bundles, in the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models. The Cotangent Bundle * is a smooth manifold itself, whose dimension is 2 . We can introduce the Legendre transformation we need some basic facts about the structure of the cotangent bundles * of a nd dimensional differentiable manifold . Thus,T 5 M can be identified with (1 2, , /3 2, , )* the space formula_0 , is called the cotangent space at 0; it is isomorphic to the dual * , of M . The Cotangent Space T 5 * (M) of a manifold at 0 ∈ is defined as the dual vector space to the tangent spaceT 5 M. A dual vector space is defined as follow ∶ given an − dimensional vector space G, with basis H , I=1, 2, 3,…, , the basis J = of the dual space G * is determined by the inner product. When we take the basis vectors H = Let ∈ and let I; T { * Q → Τ * be the natural inclusion mapping. b) Let exp ∶ → 3 > be given by exp(% =J •" … ∈ 3 > . c) Recall that the n-dimensional real projective space 0 is defined by 0 =3 /o, where ~ , for ∈ 3 ⊂ Š> . Let 0 ∶ 3 → 0 be the projection map. Let (H, |,`, 0) be a locally trivial fiber space whose total space and base space are path -connected and & a pathconnected topological space. For the mapping.∅: & → | to have a lift ‹ satisfying the condition ( ‚ ) =J ‚ , where ‚ ∈ &,J ‚ ∈ H, 0 (J ‚ ) =d 0 =( ‚ ), it is necessary that∅ (π n (&, ‚ )) ⊆0 (a n (H,J ‚ )) (3. Proof: If such a lift ‹ exists, then diagram is Commutative. 8 ' : K V → R s> ( K ), satisfying R o 8 ' u 0 ' and the equivariance property. It is a smooth manifold; in fact × °→ / is the fiber bundles associated with the principal bundles → / via the H on S. The left multiplication commutes with the twist and descends to a smooth on G × °, namely n`. In this part we study the symplectic geometry of cotangent -lifted action induced by a smooth proper action of a Lie group on a smooth manifold. This model is known as the Hamiltonian tubes; it the basis of almost all the local studies concerning Hamiltonian of Lie groups on symplectic manifolds. In the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models. Let act freely and properly by cotangent lifts on * Q, and let Jbe the momentum map of the G action (with respect to the canonical symplectic form on * Q. Leta ³ : → / is projection. Define the map, ∅ : ´s > (0) → * ( / ) by, for every 0 ∈ µ * Q. The left -hand side has the reduced symplectic form corresponding to the canonical symplectic form on T * Q , and T * (Q G ⁄ ) has the canonical symplectic form. Note that ∅ is "injective mod '', meaning that ∅(± 1 ) =∅(± 2 ) if and only if ± > =n. The first result of the theory in cotangent bundles reduction, the theory developed for the problem with a single or bit type playing an important role in the solution to the general problem of a singular cotangent bundles reduction for base manifolds, Hamiltonian tubes when the symplectic manifolds is a cotangent bundles, in the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models and the first work studying symplectic normal forms in the specific case of cotangent bundles. Conclude that the theory of reduction of cotangent bundles developed playing an important role in solution of the general problem for reduction a single or bit type cotangent bundles for base manifolds and found that the phase space is the cotangent bundle T * Q of a configuration space .
paper_444	Resource constrained project scheduling problem is to make a schedule for minimizing of the completion time or total cost subject to precedence rules and resource constraints. To meet the manger goals, it is assumed that the increased quantities of resource are uncertain variables and the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. The goals of the model are to minimize the completion time and the total cost which composed by the activity cost and the additional resource cost. Furthermore, the equivalent form of the above model is given and its equivalence is proved. Finally, a genetic algorithm is applied to search for quasi-optimal scheduling, and a project example is given to illustrate the effectiveness of the model. The resource constrained project scheduling problem (RCPSP) takes into account the balance of makespan and total cost through resource allocation and reasonable activity schedules while the precedence constrains between the activities and resource constrains are all satisfied. In real-word projects, there may be some uncertainty phenomena, for example, overdue materials, the decrease in the number of workers at Grain in Ear season, etc, which result in the resource availability may be changed. Ying  [8]  proposed a schedule model of flexible work-hour constraint, in which the human resource was dealt with a new constraint to the classical RCPSP and the increased quantities of human resource were real-value variables. Xie  [9]  supposed that the increased quantities of resource were real-value variables, and built a multi-mode resource constrained project scheduling model for minimizing both the project makespan and cost. Liu  [13]  firstly established an uncertain project scheduling model, aiming to minimize the total cost under the constraint that the completion time does not exceed the deadline. Ji and Yao  [14]  recently considered the uncertainty of the duration times and the resources allocation times by assuming them are uncertain variables. Ma  [15]  considered resource constrained project scheduling problem with uncertain durations, and an uncertain excepted value model was built with the objective was to minimize the completion time. In this paper, we consider uncertain resource availability project scheduling problem based on uncertainty theory, in which the increased quantities of resource are uncertain variables, and the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. Then, we build a multi-objective model which is under resource and precedence rule constrained to minimize the resource cost and the project completion time. For solving the above model, the equivalent form of the model is provided and the proof is given. Then, we will illustrate the validity of the above model via a numerical example in Section 3. Finally, some concluding statements will be covered in Section 4. A multi-objective programming model is built under the resource restricts and precedence rules of activities constrains in order to balance the completion time and the total cost of the project. For some time-intensive and heavy-duty projects, managers tend to be completed as quickly as possible and cost to be minimized. The uncertain resource constrained time-cost trade-off problem can be described as following optimization model: formula_0 In the above model, objective ○ 1 is to minimize the project total completion time; Objective ○ 2 is to minimize the expected project total cost which consists of the activity cost and the additional resource cost. In order to transform the model into deterministic form, we introduce the following several theorems. [16]  Let G be an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution H. If the excepted value exists, then +IGJ = K Φ MA (<) A = <. (2) For instance, let G be a linear uncertain variable, it has inverse uncertainty distribution H MA = (1 − <)N + <O. [16]  Let G A , G P , ⋯ , G ) be independent uncertain variables with regular uncertainty distributions H A , H P , ⋯ , H ) , respectively. If the function Q(R A , R P , ⋯ , R ) ) is strictly increase with respect to R A , R P , ⋯ , R S and strictly decreaseing with respect to R STA , R STP , ⋯ , R ) , then formula_2 holds if and only if formula_3 To solve the model (1), according to the operational law of uncertain variables, we transformed it into its equivalent form, as shown below. formula_4 Proof: Because is an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution Φ , and formula_5 by the definition of uncertain variable  [16] , we know that ? is an uncertain variable, and the inverse uncertainty distribution of ? is formula_6 By Theorem 1, we know that the excepted value of ? To solve this model, we transformed the uncertain model into equivalent form and proved it. Finally, we used genetic algorithm to search quasi-optimal solution of the model and gave a numerical example to illustrate the validity of the model.
paper_462	To deepen the reform of clinical medical personnel training in an all-round way with the cooperation of medicine and education is the strategic adjustment direction of clinical postgraduate education in China. Through improving the conditions of enrollment, innovating the training mode, adjusting the award marks and improving the system guarantee, it has effectively constructed the professional degree education of master of clinical medicine and standardized resident training. Since the implementation of the new training mode, the quality of postgraduate training has been significantly improved, the employment rate of graduates has been steadily improved, the influence of the school has been expanded, and the experience for relevant units to carry out the reform of postgraduate training mode of clinical medicine master's degree has also been provided for reference. Since 2009, the school has been focusing on reforming the training mode of clinical master degree postgraduates (hereinafter referred to as clinical master). In view of the main problems existing in clinical master education, the school has carried out a series of reforms and explorations on the organic link between clinical master education and standardized resident training (hereinafter referred to as standard training). How to reform the training mode of clinical master, improve the quality of training, and bring up a large number of high-level applied medical talents is the main problem for graduate educators. In the long-term practice of training clinical master, Chongqing Medical University has gradually explored a new "5+3" training mode which combines clinical master education with regular training, and completed the educational practice of "Innovation and Practice of the Training Mode of Clinical Master Professional Degree in China"  [3] . The system reform of training mode for clinical master of Medical University has effectively solved the problem of insufficient practical ability of clinical master, and has realized the degree education and professional qualification recognition of clinical medicine specialty. The organic cohesion of syndromes has effectively improved the quality of clinical master training. The school accurately grasps the law of professional degree postgraduate education, changes the concept of professional degree postgraduate education, and orientates the training purpose of clinical master as "training doctors who can really see a doctor", aiming to improve the clinical practice ability of postgraduates as the main objective, and is in line with the training goal, thus laying a solid foundation for the organic connection between the two. First, after one year's clinical training in the tertiary and first-class affiliated hospitals of the school, the clinical master who has not obtained the license of a licensed doctor is allowed to apply for the qualification examination of a licensed doctor, which solves the contradiction that the clinical master cannot obtain the license of a licensed doctor during the period of study  [5] . Thirdly, we allow our clinical master not to take the entrance examination, but to be directly incorporated into the standardized resident training system, so that they can participate in the standardized resident training. After completing the relevant training content and passing the examination, the qualified certificate of licensed physician qualification and resident standardized training can be obtained. "Four syndromes in one" has greatly saved the resources of education and training, and provided qualifications guarantee for the connection of clinical medical professional degree education and vocational qualification certification. In order to effectively improve the quality of clinical master training and strengthen the management of clinical rotation process, the school has set up postgraduate management offices in clinical colleges, implemented the system of professional degree tutorial group, and established three-level management systems of schools (graduate schools), departments (graduate management offices) and clinical departments (tutorial groups)  [6] . The Graduate Management Department of the Department organically integrates the training of clinical master's degree, the training of seven-year students' master's degree, and the application of resident doctors for master's degree related to the work of degree award, and arranges the clinical training and clinical competence assessment of clinical master's degree as a whole. The tutorial responsibility system is applied in postgraduate training, but after clinical master's enters the clinical rotation, many times are not in the Department where the tutor is located, and there is a problem that no one manages the professional degree students when they rotate in the clinical departments outside the department  [7] . The current single tutorial responsibility system can no longer meet the requirements of clinical rotation training, which is not conducive to the management and supervision of postgraduates. To ensure the quality of clinical master's training, the school has set up a guidance group composed of the first tutor and rotating responsibility tutor. Each clinical rotating Department of postgraduate clinical rotation appoints a teacher qualified as a professional master's tutor as rotating responsibility tutor to ensure that clinical master's is in clinical rotation. In order to consolidate the reform results of the training mode of clinical master, gradually standardize the management system and continuously improve the quality of training, the school continuously improves the rules and systems around the education of clinical master, covering the methods of re-examination admission, the quantitative assessment of the selection of tutors, the training program, the tutor group system, the curriculum, the professional course examination, the assessment of clinical ability, the regulation of publishing papers, the management of research funds and institutions  [8] . The staff of the Graduate Management Department of the school conducted a thorough investigation on the effect, problems and suggestions of the training mode of clinical master's degree in various clinical departments, and held dozens of meetings to solve common problems. Aiming at the characteristics of professional degree postgraduate education and adapting to the innovation of its training mode, the school has established a funding system different from academic degree postgraduates, and continuously improves the standards and coverage of grants. Therefore, the school has improved the conditions for applying for clinical master's examination, so that it is consistent with the admission conditions of residents' standardized training: undergraduate majors should be clinical medicine, full-time national education series undergraduate graduates, to obtain bachelor's degree. The reformed curriculum system not only meets the training objectives of clinical master, but also meets the requirements of theoretical knowledge for trainees. Thirdly, according to the requirements of standardized resident training, and with the cooperation of training bases, starting from medical ethics, medical ethics, laws and regulations, professional ethics and basic clinical skills, we will offer lectures on medical law, applied psychology, humanistic literacy and doctor-patient communication to comprehensively improve the comprehensive quality of clinical master. The rotation requirement not only meets the requirements of the state for clinical master, but also closely combines with the regular training. For non-graduate students, we adopt the "fill-in" training method, that is, accurately record the clinical rotation time of clinical master, and add up the previous training time to meet the requirements of training time. the second stage of standardization training), which not only saves the time for graduate students to carry out clinical rotation, but also ensures the quality of training, and achieves seamless docking in the rotation cycle. There are mainly "pre-job training", "centralized departure assessment", "stage assessment" and "annual assessment"  [13] . The school has established a multi-level and whole-process clinical competence assessment system, which is suitable for clinical master's clinical competence assessment and regular training and graduation assessment. The Interim Measures for the Implementation of the Regulations on Academic Degrees of the People's Republic of China promulgated in 1981 stipulates that before the postgraduate's reply, the degree-granting unit shall employ one or two experts from the disciplines concerned with the thesis to review the thesis. The school regularly carries out the training of tutors and managers, explaining in detail the strategic development direction of national postgraduate education and the related policies of clinical master's education in our school. The staff of the Graduate Management Department of the school conducted a thorough investigation on the effect, problems and suggestions of the reform of the training mode of clinical master in various clinical colleges and departments, and organized a meeting to solve some common problems. There are three difficult problems in the training process of master's degree postgraduates of clinical medicine specialty: first, the graduates of clinical medicine specialty with bachelor's degree must work in medical institutions for one year before they can apply for the qualification of practicing physician; second, the graduates with bachelor's degree can't obtain the qualification certificate of practicing physician and can't carry out clinical training; third, some of the graduates with bachelor's degree must work in medical institutions for one year. By promoting the combination of clinical master training and regular training, the problem of clinical master qualification certification has been solved, and a new "5 + 3" training mode has been constructed. The school has thoroughly reformed the training mode of clinical master, organically docked school education with post-graduation education and lifelong education, promoted the seamless docking of professional degree education with industry access standards, accelerated the internationalization process of higher medical personnel training mode, and formed a new systematic training mode for clinical doctors, which has great application value in the whole country. In view of the characteristics of professional degree postgraduate education, the school grasps the development trend of postgraduate education, and closely combines the admission criteria with the industry admission criteria in all aspects of enrollment, cultivation and award of posts, which ensures the complete docking of personnel training and qualifications, and provides mature experience for the seamless docking of professional degree education and Industry admission criteria in China. The new "5+3" training mode built by the school covers all aspects of training, such as curriculum system, assessment system, award system, award system, rotation system, tutor system and management mode. The school has continuously innovated the training mechanism and formed a "modular" curriculum system and a quantitative assessment system for clinical competence. The two systems complement each other and organically combine to realize the training of clinical master and regular training. The school has set up a clinical medical degree supervision group, which is specially responsible for the supervision of the training process of clinical master's degree. Secondary colleges have set up a special post-graduate management office to coordinate the implementation of the reform of the training mode of their departments. Since 2009, the school began to explore the reform of the training mode of clinical master in an all-round way. It has basically realized the seamless connection between the degree education of clinical medicine specialty and the certification of professional qualification. The reform breaks through the restrictions of relevant industry policies on the training objectives and modes of clinical master, and provides innovative modes for brothers to learn from. They have achieved the ultimate goal of training "doctors who can really see a doctor". In the 2011 "Forum on Reform and Development of Medical Education", the principal of the school presented the reform experience to the conference and won the unanimous praise of the broad masses of colleagues. The leaders of the Ministry of Education, the Health Planning Commission and more than 400 persons in charge of training units participated in the symposium, which greatly promoted the reform and development of clinical Master's training in China, and played a tremendous leading role in promoting the reform of the training model of clinical Master in the western region and even in the whole country. The article "Construction and Practice of Quality Assurance System for Master of Clinical Medicine Degree Postgraduates" published in "Degree and Graduate Education" won the second prize for Excellent Thesis of "Degree and Graduate Education", and it is also the only prize-winning thesis in the field of medical science. The school assists in formulating the standardized training policy for general practitioners and residents in Chongqing, the construction of bases, the training and assessment system, and teacher training. The "5 + 3" reform of clinical medicine master's degree in Chongqing Medical University has established a "one goal", that is, to train "doctors who really can see a doctor", and established the basic principles of the reform of training mode of clinical medicine master's degree and the training of clinicians. The establishment of "two sets of systems", namely curriculum system and assessment system, has solved the problem of insufficient clinical practice ability of master of clinical medicine and improved the overall quality of training. The implementation of "three combinations", namely, the combination of enrollment and enrollment, training and training, degree award and physician access. The "four certificates association" should be implemented, namely "licensed physician qualification certificate", "standard training qualification certificate", "diploma certificate" and "degree certificate"  [17] . It has effectively solved the problems of imperfect training mode of clinical master, lack of mature training mode of high-level clinicians, low overall training quality of clinical master, inability to apply for the qualification of licensed physician, difficulty in effectively linking up with regular training, and difficulty in seamlessly linking professional degree education with industry access standards. Chongqing Medical University combines many years of clinical master's education practice, highlights its own characteristics, gives full play to the advantages of running a school, and strives to solve the problem of linking professional degree education with vocational qualification certification. The unit pays attention to the degree education of clinical medicine specialty, strengthens the exchange study, improves the quality of medical higher education in our country, realizes the seamless connection between degree education of clinical medicine specialty and professional qualification certification, and explores the new mode of integrating medical education of our country with international practice.
paper_476	This paper uses JD Logistics as an example to quantitatively analyze the relationship mentioned above. The results show that: (1) The cost and resources operational efficiency are closely related to the order splitting ratio under the same delivery frequency; (2) The delivery frequency has different effects on the operational efficiency of the resources in different links. (3) Through the proper splitting and loading of orders, staff scheduling, and area adjustment of delivery station, the optimal delivery frequency can be achieved under the balance of cost and resource operational efficiency. In order to reduce the operating costs of logistics enterprises on the basis of ensuring service levels, one should first properly allocate the amount of orders and splitting ratios to achieve an economic increase in the delivery frequency. at various stages in the delivery system, which will more likely to result in uneconomical performance. The order volume, the orders' splitting ratio, the operational efficiency of delivery resource and the delivery costs will affect the delivery frequency. The transportation system is a very complex system with many different feedbacks and lagged responses between policy makers. System dynamics models not only offer a different Operational Efficiency: A Case Study of Jingdong Logistics perspective while whole system approach to transport planning, but also demonstrate to policy makers the importance of these feedbacks and lagged responses  [1] . At present, the researches on delivery frequency, resource operation efficiency and cost utilization were mainly focusing on the following two aspects: (1) Delivery efficiency improvement through the choice of delivery model, And (2) Delivery link optimization. [4]  discussed the delivery efficiency problem under e-commerce model from input and output perspectives. That research explored three scenarios, which are joint delivery, autonomous delivery, and third-party delivery, which also pointed out that, in order to improve delivery efficiency, enterprises should adequately consider relevant factors such as own resources, competitors' delivery strategies, and urban transport policies before determining delivery methods. That research took Lyon in France as an example with the using of radar map to visually show CO2 emissions, risk values, delivery costs, traffic impact and delivery time of joint delivery under different scenarios. The system dynamics has a good applicability in analyzing the delivery efficiency, and some researches have achieved a series of results. Tang Mingyu  [16]  took the Beijing delivery system as research object, and measured urban delivery efficiency from three aspects including economy, technology and environment. After that, that research built a dynamic model of the urban delivery system, and simulated the impact of Beijing's pilot logistics policy on delivery efficiency. Wang Wei  [17]  analyzed the advantages and disadvantages of self-operated, outsourced, and federated modes in ecommerce delivery model, and constructed a system dynamics model for the combination selection of delivery modes by selecting six core factors, which can provide decision-making advice for managers to improve the delivery efficiency. Hongtao Yang and Jianbang Du  [19] [20] [21]  uses system dynamics to analyze the problems of supply chain and delivery efficiency from the perspectives of transportation routes, drivers and cooperation agreements, and its sensitivity analysis provides some reference to this paper for the corporate in this case to improve the delivery efficiency. Lin Wanting [22]  considers the phenomenon of unfilled orders, information leakage, and product damage which exists in crowdsourcing delivery, then built system dynamics model from five dimensions of reliability, responsiveness, assurance, empathy and security, which provide decision-making advice for enterprise delivery efficiency management. First, it analyzes the boundary and causality of its delivery system. Next, it uses the simulation model to study the effect of changes in delivery frequency on delivery costs and resource operation efficiency under different quantity of delivery orders. As the first step, this paper defines the research boundary of JDL delivery system. Next, it analyzes the interaction between delivery frequency, cost, and resource efficiency, and builds dynamics simulation model to get the equilibrium of cost and resource operation efficiency under different delivery frequency. Based on the details of research object, this paper constructs two subsystems: delivery cost subsystem and delivery resource subsystem. Therefore, the storage and ferry crossings are negligible in this paper., Only the section within the dotted line in  Figure 1  is considered in this paper. The variable costs occurred due to the volume of orders, which include operating cost of the sorting equipment, rental cost of the site, units fixed cost of transport vehicle, fuel costs, toll and so on. In addition, the number of working facilities and the operating time are affected by factors such as order quantity, delivery frequency, sorting equipment efficiency, and unit load of transport vehicles. Performance wage is determined by the actual amount of work performed during the delivery process. The number of sorting staffs is influenced by factors such as the amount of cargo, the number of sorting equipment, the worker's efficiency, the sorting time requirements, the area of sorting venues, the number of logistics personnel in the yard, the delivery frequency and so on. This article considers the utilization efficiency for the facilities, personnel, and technology such as turnover rate of transportation vehicles, the utilization rate of delivery site, and the delivery personnel loading rate, etc., which are put into the sorting, transportation, and terminal delivery links. The first change may prompt the increase of customer orders and corporate income Therefore the company will increase the investment in delivery facilities and equipment, and thus increase the delivery frequency and service capabilities. As for the latter, given JDL's current batch-by-batch delivery mode, the increase in delivery frequency will reduce the fixed cost allocated to each delivery operation. At the same time, the factors such as sorting time requirements, proportion of per-order batch, efficiency of the delivery personnel, and unit fuel consumption of the vehicle, will have a direct impact on the delivery frequency. Based on the surveys of JDL and interviews with related professionals, this paper summarizes 55 influencing factors on delivery frequency. Therefore, this paper uses the causal loop method of system dynamics to analyze the relationship between the factors. Among them, the positive loop represents that there is a mutually reinforcing relationship between the factors, while the negative loop indicates that there is a balanced relationship between factors (Such as: Delivery frequency --> + Consumer demand response ability --> + Impact of demand response capacity --> + Consumer satisfaction --> + Order quantity due to change in satisfaction --> + Total daily order quantity --> + Per batch delivery order quantity-->+ Sorting center cargo volume-->+ Number of on-site logistics personnel--> -Onsite logistics personnel operating time-->+On-site logistics personnel costs-->+ Sorting personnel costs-->+ Sorting costs-->+ Total cost --> Total profit --> + Delivery facility input --> + Delivery frequency). This model passed the mechanical error checking and dimension consistency testing by VENSIM. After that, the validity of the model was verified though the error analysis by comparing the simulation data and actual operational data, which includes the average cost of sorting, transportation and terminal delivery. The proportions of the order quantity for each batch under different schemes are shown in  Table 3 , and the setting reasons for each scheme are shown in  Table 4 . Therefore, the simulation calculates the utilization rate of the largest batch after splitting when considering the operational efficiency of resources. The reason is that in scenario 3 the sorting center dispatched more vehicles in advance, which increased the cost of transportation. Since the difference in total delivery cost between the two scenarios was not significant and scenario 2 is better than scenario 3, scenario 3 will be neglected in the following analysis. Within the orders volume ruled in this paper, the delivery frequency and the cumulative delivery costs are positively correlated. The four scenarios showed a lower average unit cost when the order quantity was around 4,700 units indicating that this order quantity was a batch of economic orders. Due to the increase in the delivery frequency, the unit average time required to complete the sorting operation became shorter while the number of sorters and the salary of personnel increased. The difference of average unit sorting costs among scenarios 1, 2 and 4 decreased as the order increased, which is because the change in the sorting costs under different order quantities was small and the difference in the delivery order quantity increased. When the volume of orders increased to a certain value, the transportation cost of scenario 1 became the highest among the three scenarios. In scenarios 2 and 4 the orders can be met by just increasing the frequency of existing vehicles, however, in scenario 1, new vehicles were needed to meet the transportation needs, which resulted in higher transportation costs. In terms of unit average terminal delivery cost, all three scenarios have shown a tendency of fluctuating decline, and some of the rises are due to the increase in the costs of delivery personnel and facilities. The difference between the vehicle utilization efficiency in scenarios 2 and 3 increased with order volume until it reached 3600 units. The vehicle utilization efficiency for the three sorting centers in scenario 4 increased with the order volume since only one transportation vehicle was required to be dispatched from each sorting center within the current order volume. This is because the order volume was so small in scenario 4 that in the unit batch delivery personnel was working inefficiently. Recommendation I: one should properly allocate the amount of orders and splitting ratios to achieve an economic increase in the delivery frequency. Therefore, JDL needs to consider the increase in delivery frequency, the increase in delivery costs, the overloading of resources, and the ratio of orders and splits. When the delivery frequency is increased from 3 times per day to 4 times per day, scenario 3 should be adopted from the perspective of increasing consumer satisfaction; scenario 2 should be adopted when the area of delivery stations and the delivery personnel are tight. Therefore, JDL should combine the simulation results with the actual situation before making the delivery frequency decision. Since the average personnel utilization efficiencies of delivery both stations A and B are lower than 60%, the delivery personnel can be reasonably scheduled to improve the utilization efficiency and consumer satisfaction.
paper_479	Handwriting is also a key element in document examination as it leaves a forensic document examiner with the task of determining who the writer of a particular document is and this is achieved through the likelihood ratio (L R) paradigm. This research employed back propagation neural network (BPNN) to model the writing pattern of individuals with input layer as the features of handwriting characters, two hidden layers of three neurons each, activation function sigmoid (s) and an output handwriting. With the help of handwriting model for individual writers, little or no assumptions and no nuisance parameters were employed in achieving full likelihood ratio for comparative handwriting analysis in forensic science. From the research carried out, it can be concluded that modeling an individual's handwriting is a crucial factor in achieving a full likelihood ratio, little/or no inconclusiveness in result reporting and a less degree of disagreements for handwriting identification in a forensic environment. For the handwriting evidence, previous literatures reported many factors and the inability of the forensic examiner to model the writing profile of a writer because it is often believed that an individual's writing profile is a latent characteristic that cannot be observed directly, and is not easily modeled because an individual's writing profile cannot have static characteristics and may change over time  [9] [10] [11]  which has resulted to adopt ad-hoc methods to compute likelihood  [9, 12, 13]  when full likelihood ratio is not achievable. In statistics, a nuisance parameter is defined as: ''A parameter of a model where there is no scientific intrigue except for whose qualities are normally required (yet when all is said in done are obscure) to make deductions about those parameters which are of such intrigue [25].'' [19]  described a statistical model for the writer verification task to determine if two documents were written by the same writer, their model followed the scenario proposed by  [17]  thus suffers from the same weakness  [20]  presented one conceivable way to deal with gauge a probability proportion in near handwriting analysis was delineated. The oddity of the methodology depends on producing reproduced composing samples from an accumulation of composing samples acquired from a realized source to frame a database for evaluating the dissemination related with the numerator of a L R . This paper features that investigative setting still remains rather past contemplations practically speaking; it is also attested that L R can be useful for analytical procedures bolstered through various simulations  [21] . Assessment of signature handwriting evidence through score-based likelihood ratio based on comparative measurement of relevant dynamic features was carried out by  [22, 9]  presented score-based approaches to calculating forensic probability ratios that have been established as becoming more progressively common in forensic literature. Features were extracted via local binary pattern from each clustered characters, while the back-propagation neural network was used to learn the writing pattern for each writer and these writing pattern were then stored in the database. Back Propagation Neural Network (BPNN) served the sake of supervised learning of the system. The rationale behind the choice of this algorithm is due to the fact that it is a supervised network and a supervised network will have a target, so the BPNN is a network that has a target. Various things come together to form a BPNN, such as hundreds of single units, artificial neurons or processing elements (PE), connected to coefficients (weights), which represent a neural structure and are organized in layers. The strength of neural computation comes from linking neurons in a network. The transition of the neuron functions determines the behavior of the neural networks, the laws of learning and the structure itself. The neural network is a parametrized system because the weights are variable parameters. The weighted number of the inputs is the activation of the neuron. The activation signal is passed through the transfer feature to produce a single neuron output. Transfer function can add non-linearity to the network. In terms of model configuration, artificial neural networks do not require knowledge of the data source, but require large training sets because they often include several weights that need to be calculated. Each character variable has a weight W i which shows its contribution in the training process. The feature information extracted from student handwriting through LBP was entered in NN through input layer and the participation of each class of character variables is calculated by the hidden layer of the network using: formula_1 net j is ith type of factor, n is the number of factors in net i , & ' ! weight-recognition factor with weight ! " This study used a network concealed with n input points, k 1 and k 2 hidden, and m output units. The weight from input points i and two hidden unit j is ! " Weight from second hidden unit i and output unit j is ! ) Weight of additional edge for each unit is bias− θ, where input unit and output vector from the hidden layer are expanded with a 1 component as seen in  Figure 2 . Weight from the constant 1 and two hidden unit j is #$",*"  formula_2 After randomly selecting the weights of the network, the backpropagation algorithm is used to measure the necessary corrections. The algorithm can be broken down in the following four steps: Feed-forward computation Backpropagation to the output layer Backpropagation to the hidden layer Weight updates The algorithm is stopped when the value of the error function has become sufficiently small. Step 2: Backpropagation to the output layer This research looked for the first partial derivatives 12 1 ! ) Due to the complexity of modeling the handwriting of a writer and the absence of industrial size databases from which different handwriting can be described  [17, 9]  estimated a marginal L R when the full L R was not possible also in the presence of some parameters considered to be nuisance. This research work was able to model the handwriting for individual in the presence of large-scale database using the back-propagation neural network (BPNN). An inconclusive state is declared if and only if L R value = 1 With the BPNN algorithm to model handwriting pattern for each writer and L R estimation described in  [10]  this paper was able to deal with the problem of inconclusiveness as there was no inconclusive results reported in the investigation, determine who the writer of a questioned document is as well as eliminate the inclusion of parameters considered nuisance in investigation because each writer's handwriting profile could be ascertained due to the BPNN training of the Handwriting categories. This research shows that modeling handwriting pattern for a writer is an important factor in achieving a full L R which will eliminate the use of nuisance parameters in the computation process, lower the disagreement rate with respect to the Hypothesis in support of the prosecutor and also produce no inconclusive result after estimation of L R .
paper_492	Based on known functions of neuroscience the neural network that performs serial parallel conversion and its inverse transformation is presented. The activity of the upper neural networks changes in response to the context structure inherent in the time series data and have both function of accepting and generating of general time series data. Eating behavior in animals in the early stages of evolution is also processing time series data, and it is possible to predict behavior although be limited short term by learning the contextual structure inherent in time series data. Transition of the activation portion in this type of operation is illustrated. Although status of nervous system of the animal change according to the recognition by sensory organ and to the manipulation of the object by muscle in the vicinity of the animal itself, the evolved animals have in addition another nervous system so-called long-term memory or episodic memory being involved experience and prediction. Furthermore retroactively, although there is a quantitative difference in each part between brain of ape who does not speak the language and our brain, but our brain is consisted of same material. By hierarchical connection of the circuits, it is possible to accept and generate general time series data. As an example, a neural network that can accept and generate multi step time series data such as indispensable for eating behavior is presented. The nervous system related to short-term memory is activated in synchronization with environmental events, but the nervous system involved in long-term memory is highly layered to form an image corresponding to past and future events. Even bacteria like animals in the early stages of evolution must have some eating behavior such as moving relying on light and smell to search for food and determine whether they can be eaten. The eating behavior of animals evolved from the aforementioned animals is composed of time series of actions such as extending arms toward the target, opening the palm of hand when approaching the target, closing the palm to grasp the target and bringing to the mouth. The same applies to general figures. The recognition technology of the figure has evolved by the neural network which starts with the perceptron, but it is forced to judge by the relation of the part and the whole as in the example of kanji when the scale of the figure increases. It is desirable that the behavior of any neural network system can be expressed by combinations of the simple action parts of animals in the early stages of evolution. In this chapter, it is presented that arbitrary time series data can be divide into basic sequences as the logical basis of neural networks. Next, by providing a two-way function to the neural network both serial parallel conversion and vice versa on basic sequences is realized. Example shown in  Figure 1  shows that the time series data (1) arranged by randomly selecting the elements is divided into five basic subsequences (2). (1) The first element is the beginning of the first subsequence. In given example, the leading element is a1, followed by a7, a4, a6 and a6. When the following conditions are true, the element allocate to the top of new subsequence. (2) If the same element exists in already divided subsequence. In this example a6 is the concerned element. (3) If the maximum length of subsequence is defined, a new subsequence is allocated after the subsequence that reaches the maximum length, add new element to the concerned new subsequence. The subsequences divided by above procedure are defined as the basic subsequence. Because the elements activated by c 1 is randomly connected to input, not all elements activated by c 0 are additionally activated. The number and their position of the activated elements is the conversion output corresponding to the serial input  [1] . Its output is the result of the serial parallel conversion, it is the result of AND logic of the output of the activated elements. Therefore, the couplings between the elements are enhanced (Hebb rule) by repeating this conversion, as a result the elements involved in the conversion will be activated by only receiving the first element of the time series data. On the flow direction of data, this parallel to serial conversion is upside down with the serial to parallel conversion described above, but the basis of neural network operation is the same. When the state transition diagram of the  Figure 3  is seen as a serial parallel conversion, the bottom is inputs connected to such sensory organs. On the other hand, when the state transition diagram of the  Figure 3  is seen as a parallel serial conversion, another waiting state is needed. In the spontaneous operation (here by voluntary muscle) performed reactions such as changes of weight feelings from muscle or joint are accompanied by. The essence of the neural network which performs the parallel serial conversion and the neural network which performs the serial parallel conversion is the same except that the conversion result comes out downward or upward. Since general time series data is consisted of hierarchy of basic subsequences, basic units can process general time series data by identifying the outputs of lower layer basic units as the new time series data. Animal's behavior is considered a time series data consisted of the data that is couple of behavior data and received data. The example shown at the beginning of this chapter is also a time series data that is consisted of extending arms, opening the palm, closing the palm to grasp and so on. The time series data handled in the first 2 steps are consists of various stimuli of the internal and endocrine system, as well as data that captured by sensory organ from the environment in which the animal is placed. If the state of the unit becomes active (hungry), it has been shown to activate one after another the lower layer units that achieves eating behavior in the rest steps. After time sequence data learning, animals are possible to quickly start the operation that continues only by receiving the beginning of the time series data to be corresponding a slight sign. The movement will be mentioned in the next chapter. The organism would not yet be capable of subjectivity and would be unable to inspect the images in its own mind, execution of a movement; the movement would be more precise in terms of its target and succeed rather than fail. Animals with some evolved sensory organs must recognize, for example, environmental changes from sunrise to sunset as repetitions of a time series data. The nervous system which is involved in the imitating function is called mirror neurons. One is time series data based on visual information of the cake in front of you and muscle movements that manipulate chocolate plates, which is produced by the nervous system that animals have from the early stages of evolution. However, if the nervous system of the episodic memory is activated by remembering the A shop and the chocolate plate while looking at the cake, the difference between reality and the expectation might become a problem. Stimulus from the sensory organs from the bottom becomes time series data and is transmitted to the upper part. The connection between the two sides is enhanced (Hebb rule) as indicated by a bold line, and visual information is copied to the top to reinforce the episodic memory. When studying objects that are intertwined with portion and whole system such as the nervous system, the idea of category theory can be incorporated to develop the whole without focusing on the details of the object. The following is a description of  Figure 6  associated with the definition of the category shown in Tom Leinster "Basic Category Theory"  [4] . A category N consists of: [Def.1] a collection ob (N) of objects; In this paper, object corresponds to nerve cells in neuroscience and in neural networks corresponds to basic units (or combinations thereof) described in  Figure 6 . [  formula_0 The composite of the coupling is considered to be a hierarchical connection of the objects, and the identity, which is considered a special morphism, can correspond long axons extending beyond hierarchies. The object and morphism that make up the source category are connected by a function to the object and morphism of the target category. According to the Hebb law, if there are two nervous system activated, the binding between the elements in the two categories will be enhanced. And the time series data brought by other brain with highly hierarchically connected structure activities is concerning long-term memory. The process of taking the consistency between the two memories was explained using the idea of a free functor in category theory. From an engineering point of view, the basic unit can be realized by a small microprocessor, and the neural network consists of multiple randomly connected units. Only units contained in the tree structure corresponding to the context of the behavior can work. From among the random connections, the necessary connections for the desired operation are selected and enhanced, and the target function is realized. From the viewpoint of neuroscience, even if there are no "parts" equivalent to the basic unit in the process of stimulation from the sensory organs propagating to the cerebral cortex, axons parallel to the propagation direction connect between the layers, and it can be said that it is a passage of serial parallel mutually converted information. Constructing neural networks based on known functions of neural circuits, including the Hebb rule, and considering the correspondence between the movements of biological neural circuits will lead to new discoveries in both fields.
paper_507	Integrated them together using GIS and soft computing to create a database that will generate the output for the future use for prediction of susceptibility of landslide. The main aim of present study is to integrate the result of our study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and used the output as a user friendly application using GIS which could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and% contribution of each factor for the same. Uttarakhand is an appropriate choice for the study since the newly developed state has been fighting with the catastrophe and is making front paper headlines for landslide at Vishnuprayag, Baldora, Lambagharchatti, Jharkula, phatabyung, and Amiya landslides  [4] . al, 1999 and varnes 1984)    [7, 8, 9] . In the present study with the help of satellite imageries like DEM from cartosat-1 and topographic maps from GSI (geographical survey of India) a susceptibility map is prepared. With the help of ANN model, we generated weightage for each factor and using this the hazard zonation map is produced  [10, 11] . Preparation of a landslide hazard zonation map that would divide Uttarkashi into different zones depending upon the factors. Therefore, the relation between landslide occurrence and the conditioning parameters used is crucially important for landslide susceptibility mapping. Thus a number of thematic maps (referred to as data layer in GIS) based on the specific parameters which are related to occurrence of landslide viz. Four control points were selected at the corner of the concerned points, the geo-referencing of these coordinates was done by finding the coordinates from the Google Earth. Digitization for the various shape files has then being done by retrieving the concerned shape file and the map form which digitization has to be done. Both the shape file and the map being retrieved in Arc Map, the map is zoomed to a comfortable level such that all features on the map could be easily traced out on the screen itself to create new layers or themes. In the present study we selected 107 points and all the six factors namely soil depth, soil type, rock type, land cover, slope and elevation and a excel database is created. The data is categorized into training, testing and validation, and all the six factors namely soil depth, soil type, rock and a excel database is created. Since ANN does not understand the 'landslide prone' and 'non-landslide prone' region we explain it by giving value '1' and '0' respectively. Thus a number of thematic maps (referred to as data layer in GIS) based on the specific parameters which are related to occurrence of landslide viz. Other values for landslide susceptibility for the adjoining areas have been calculated using interpolation technique therefore the Rishikesh-Uttarkashi-Gangotri-Gaumukh route has been mapped for landslide Hazard. Using ArcGIS the Landslide susceptibility for whole of the map region can be seen. The study has to led the determination of factors on the basis of past studies and determination of weightage for the chosen six factors namely soil depth, soil texture, rock type, height, slope and land cover. Here we have used the already existing topographical maps, satellite imageries and field work integrating them together using GIS and ANN MODEL to create a database that has generated the output for the future use. The result of present study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and presented by a landslide hazard zonation map and a user friendly application using GIS that could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and percentage contribution of each factor for the same.
