paper_1	Clustering is the concept that was used in this research to create groups from social media data which can be used for learning on electronic learning platforms. The system design methodology used was incremental prototyping. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. Requirements and Architectural Design can be done up front and then each prototype developed as the project progresses. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. The third step involved using the data already preprocessed above to train the prototype. The relationship between the data items can be established using the k-nearest neighbor technique. The illustration of the proposed prototype is given below. The results reported in this paper were obtained from a series of evaluations that were done on the classifier on different parameters including functionality, usability, accuracy, precision and recall. This is the section that captured the users view on the functioning of the prototype. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . This is summarized in the chart below. A total of 200 tweets were extracted and used for this test which was summarized in a confusion matrix. The results below illustrate a summary of what was obtained when 200 tweets were used to test the Naïve Bayes Classifier. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. The classifier then grouped the users into different categories based on various tweets that they posted on the task. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_2	In addition to this, the current traffic light systems encourage extortion by corrupt traffic officials as commuters often violate traffic rules because of the insufficient time allocated to their lanes or may want to avoid a long waiting period for their lanes to come up. The signal timing changes automatically based on the traffic density at the junction, thereby, avoiding unnecessary waiting time at the junction. The sensors used in this project were infra-red (IR) sensors and photodiodes which were placed in a Line of Sight configuration across the loads to detect the density of the traffic signal. The density of the vehicles is measured in three zones i.e., low, medium and high based on which timings were allotted accordingly. Traffic congestion is a common occurrence in many major cities across the world, especially in third world cities, and this has caused untold hardship to commuters in these cities in diverse ways  [1] . These include loss of man-hours, accident, missed opportunities, noise pollution, air-pollution, increased fuel consumption, increased tendency to violate traffic rules, and in some cases extortion by corrupt traffic control officials. Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. Junction timings allotted are fixed. There are other problems as well, like ambulances getting caught up by a red traffic signal and wasting valuable time  [2] . Sometimes higher traffic density at one side of the junction demands longer green time as compared to the standard allotted time. The suggested case study, Jakpa junction is a typical example of a traffic congested area. The conventional traffic light system based on fixed time is employed to control the traffic in this area. The signal timing changes automatically on sensing the traffic density at the junction. The proposed system would use a microcontroller of PIC family duly interfaced with sensors, to change the junction timing automatically to accommodate movement of vehicles, thereby, avoiding unnecessary waiting time at the junction. The density of the vehicles is measured in three zones i.e., low, medium, high based on which timings were allotted accordingly. The uniqueness of this model lies in the implementation of on-demand Pedestrian-Pass signaling, thereby transforming the design into dynamic controller. However, this system lacked inbuiltmechanism for controlling vehicular traffic based on density. Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. Junction timings allotted are fixed. Sometimes higher traffic density at one side of the junction demands longer green time as compared to standard allotted time  [4] . After calculating the number of vehicles we will came to know in which side the density is high based on which signals will be allotted for a particular side. Real world complex problems such as human controlled systems involve a certain degree of uncertainty, which cannot be handled by traditional binary set theory. However, this method has no mechanisms for capturing traffic density and for providing a pass for emergency vehicles. It comprises of a 0V to 12V transformer which is required to step down the 220V AC supply to 12V AC. This is converted by a bridge rectifier to a dc voltage. The bridge rectifier consists of four single phase rectifier diodes connected together in a closed loop to form a circuit that is capable of converting AC voltage to DC voltage  [8] . Another purpose of an optocoupler is to prevent rapidly changing voltages or high voltages on one side of a circuit from distorting transmissions or damaging components on the other side of the circuit. The Transformer steps down the 220 v AC supply to 12 v AC. The time delay in the traffic signal is set based on the density of vehicles on the roads. According to the IR count, microcontroller takes appropriate decisions as to which road is to be given the highest priority and the longest time delay for the corresponding traffic light. The codes are as shown in the Appendix. Jakpa Junction, in Effurun, Delta State, Nigeria is increasingly becoming chaotic by reason of the recurring traffic gridlock it experiences. On these days traffic rules are usually violated because of the complex traffic situation.
paper_3	The aim of this article is to present the general architecture trends of Web-based Adaptive Educational Hypermedia Systems (AEHSs) and to give a complete description of architecture of the AEHS MATHEMA. They build a personalized model of the learner and apply this model to adapt the content and/or the appearance of the hypermedia, according to the learner's specific characteristics, such as the cognitive goal, level of knowledge, pre-existing or prior knowledge, interests, preferences, stereotypes, cognitive preferences and cognitive or learning style  [4] . In the Web-based AEHSs, several adaptive and intelligent techniques have been applied to introduce adaptation, such as  [4] : (a) Curriculum Sequencing: It helps the learner to follow an optimal path through the learning material. (b) Adaptive Presentation: It adapts the content presented in each hypermedia node according to specific characteristics of the learner. (g) Example-based Problem Solving Support: It helps the learners in solving new problems, not by articulating their errors, but by suggesting them relevant successful problem solving cases, chosen from their earlier experience. The teaching strategies are based on  [9]  learning cycle and learning style model. The general purpose of the AEHS MATHEMA is to support learners through an interactive and constructivist educational environment in order to construct their knowledge in Physics and Technology, individually and/or collaboratively, and to overcome their misconceptions and/or learning difficulties AEHS MATHEMA supports adaptive and intelligent techniques, such as curriculum sequencing, adaptive presentation, adaptive and meta-adaptive navigation, interactive problem solving, and adaptive group formation. More specifically it supports: (1) adaptive presentation according to learner's learning style; (2) four adaptive navigation techniques which are direct guidance (uses a "next" button), link hiding (hide nonrelevant links), link annotation (use colors to indicate relevance), and link sorting (like in search engines); (3) a meta-adaptive navigation technique in order for the learner selects the more appropriate navigation technique that best suits him or her; (4) an interactive problem-solving method through personalized and collaborative problem-solving activities that exploits the teaching approaches of experimentation through simulations, guided inquiry and discovery, investigations and peer collaboration; and (5) a method of adaptive group formation for peer matching. The aim of this article is to highlight the main contributions of the architecture of the MATHEMA in the improvement of the functionality of AEHSs. The link structure of a hyper-document can also be modified by color-coding, or sorting according to specific criteria based on student preferences or abilities. The rules together form the adaptation model in AHAM. A key point in AHAM is that the adaptation rules are used to translate user actions into user model updates (as well as the presentation and adaptation of content). In order to perform adaptation based on the domain model and user model is needed to specify how the user's knowledge influences the way in which the information from the domain model is to be presented. The ADAPT project has identified high level design dimensions for AEHSs, which are: (1) context of use (CU), (2) content domain (DM), (3) instructional strategy (IS), (4) instructional view (IV), (5) learner model (LM), (6) adaptation model (AM), and (7) detection mechanism (DE). The DM structure is exported by the manifest file and is stored into Java Object Files. Moreover domain independent data of UM is stored into the database while at the same time, data about user knowledge is stored into Java Object Files. The adaptive navigation techniques have been applied to it via Java servlets and Java Server Pages (JSP). All the runtime data about user actions and performance is stored into Java Object Files via JSP and Java servlets. The adaptation component consists of a Java servlet which automatically generates the individualized Webpage, each time an HTTP request is received by the server. The adaptation servlet queries the learner model database, in order to find the ULSM preferences of the current student. The Learner Model is the structure that contains the information on the learner's characteristics that allow the AEHS to adapt to these characteristics. The Presentation Generator is responsible for generating what will be presented to the learner as a result of processing the information received from the Adaptation Decision Model and Application Model. The Presentation Generator requests a composition of the presentation to the JavaServer Pages. As JavaBeans are components of an application in the context of JavaServer Pages or servlets, they are suitable to implement the Presentation Generator and the Adaptation Decision Model. Additionally, the JavaBeans offer advantages of separating the programming logics from presentation, as for the Presentation Generator and the final page composition. The purpose of ULUL-ILM is to provide the AEHS that can recognize student' learning style automatically in real-time and then presents the learning content adaptively based on student learning style. It enables to recognize the student's learning style automatically in real time by means of Multi Layer Feed-Forward Neural network (MLFF). The system then enables to present and recommends a variety of learning contents adaptively towards each of the student's learning style identified in the student model through the adaptation model. The system then analyzes the learning content on each of the learning material, and then comes up with the generated teaching strategies by means of the teaching strategy generator and fragment sorting. The adaptation model enables the system to adaptively presents the content, based on the student's learning style by combining the fragment sorting and adaptive annotation technique. The course player in ULUL-ILM enables the system to adaptively presents the content with various teaching strategies towards each of student's learning style. For supporting features, it uses the (JSP) pages, Java servlets, JavaBeans, JavaScripts, and Apache Struts technologies. This is an interface for Java that standardizes database connections, queries, and results of relational databases. Java servlet technology and JSP pages are server-side technologies that have dominated the server-side Java technology market; they have become the standard way to develop Web applications. A servlet is a Java class that implements the Java servlet API, a protocol to respond to HTTP requests. Servlets are capable of eliciting student responses on more than one question and analyzing them to find out the strengths and weaknesses of that student to direct them towards remediation. In the context of JSP pages, JavaBeans components contain business logic that returns data to a script on a JSP page, which in turn formats the data returned from the JavaBeans component for display by the browser. A JSP page uses a JavaBeans component by setting and getting the properties that it provides. The didactic model uses the information contained in the learner model to provide the two basic services, namely, adaptive presentation and adaptive navigation. It is a set of pedagogical rules that combine the learner's model with the domain knowledge for adaptive performance. In the field of Adaptive Group Formation Module selecting of the most appropriate teaching strategy, the learner's learning style is taken into account during the learner's study. Moreover, offers facilities in recognizing learners' misconceptions and assisting them in self-correction through reflection, and providing multiple representations of learning. The domain knowledge is structured in a way that supports the ability of the system to choose the educational material, depending on the learner's requirements and current status. The domain knowledge of the AEHS MATHEMA is the basis of the system's adaptation. It also defines the relationships between the concepts (prerequisites) and the level of difficulty of the concepts (see part of them in the  Table 1 ). Student model contains information about student characteristics that allows the system to make adjustments using these characteristics. The characteristics that the system maintains in learner model for each learner are: name, gender, username, password, learning style, level of knowledge for each cognitive goal (general performance), level of knowledge for each basic meaning of the cognitive goal (quantitative and qualitative characterization), concepts that have been successfully evaluated for each cognitive goal, current page, current teaching method, current navigation technique, navigation history, meta-adaptive navigation status, initial Web experience and knowledge level (pre-existing knowledge) in the current cognitive goal, ways of presenting feedback messages, preference for assistance by Advisor in terms of its navigation, course sequence, and phases of the guided dialogues in interactive problem solving process in which each learner participates. The Student Model is transparent to the learner (open learner model) and is verifiable by the learner, that is, the learner can access his/her model and change the content of some characteristics. The learner during the study selects the cognitive goal he or she wishes to study, following his or her personal course in the educational content, exploits the system's assistance, navigating and studying, is informed about the information that the system maintains, who can change them by intervening and directing the system's adaptation in this way, in terms of curriculum sequencing, adaptive presentation and navigation and adaptive group formation, selects his or her learning style, selects the navigation technique, activates and deactivates the curriculum sequencing, selects the way that the feedback messages are presented, changes his or her knowledge level for each basic concept of the cognitive goal, and activates-deactivates the Advisor. The adaptation engine decides on adaptive presentation and navigation in relation to Student, Domain and Didactic models. It also takes into account the decisions of the data collection and monitoring unit of the learner's actions. The system, during the learner's study, monitors his or her interactions with the system and his or her assessment and accordingly updates the links to the course material provided and/or adapts learning material to learner according to his or her learning style. It is the second level meta-adaptation engine that is responsible for monitoring the cognitive improvement of the learner in the cognitive goal that he or she studies, after n successful evaluations of his or her knowledge in basic concepts, showing him or her advantages and disadvantages of the four navigation techniques that it supports. In AEHS MATHEMA, meta-adaptive navigation works as follows: The first time that the learner enters the system, he or she is asked to state his or her Web experience and level of knowledge in the cognitive goal he chose to study (preexisting knowledge). Following the learner's statement, the system suggests the most appropriate navigation technique to him or her, taking into account the level of his or her Web experience and his or her level of knowledge in the subject he or she chose to study as follows: (1) Direct guidance: Little or no Web experience and little or no knowledge of the cognitive goal. This module is responsible for transferring the training material to the presentation unit, for giving feedback, for creating guided dialogues and for evaluating the learner knowledge. It includes the content of the JSP pages, Java servlets responsible for feedback and creation of guided dialogs in problem-solving, Java servlets for creating evaluation questionnaires, and so on. It is responsible for what will be presented to the learner as a result of the processing of the information that arrives from the adaptation engine, the meta-adaptation engine, adaptive group formation module, and application module. In this module there is the basic servlet, which deals with the presentation of the training material and other JSP pages and servlets, such as the page and the corresponding servlet to inform the learner about the characteristics of all learning styles, the servlet for the curriculum sequencing, the servlet for selecting and presenting the concept that the student selects to study according to his or her learning style, etc. This module is responsible for obtaining information about the data the learner entries in the system and for monitoring his or her actions (interaction with the system). More specifically it: (1) initializes and updates the Student Model; (2) collects and stores the data that the learner answers to open-ended questions, entries in tables, registers in notes, etc; (3) monitors the interactions between the learner and the system to get information about his or her choices in terms of the questionnaires, the phases of guided dialogs, the links, the options for meta-adaptive navigation, the visited pages, and more. Following a study  [13]  conducted on the formation adaptive groups in the MATHEMA, it was decided that: when the system creates a priority list of candidate peers for an interested learner, in the first and second position of the priority list, the algorithm will place the candidate collaborators with a concrete or abstract style and with the same active or reflective dimension of their learning style as follows: If the learner has a concrete learning style, then the algorithm will place the candidate collaborators with a concrete learning style in the first position, and in the second position, the candidate collaborators with an abstract learning style. If the learner has an abstract learning style, then the algorithm will place the candidate collaborators with an abstract learning style in the first position, and in the second position, the candidate collaborators with a concrete learning style. Assessment of the pedagogical and technological aspects of the AEHS MATHEMA has been carried out. This article presents the trends of architecture of AEHSs so far and then an extensive description of the architecture of the AEHS MATHEMA. Most of AEHSs presented in this paper are based on JSP, Java servlets, and Javabeans technologies to implement their functions, as implemented by AEHS MATHEMA. Furthermore, the presented AEHSs above have at least three main modules, such as Student Model, Domain Model, and Adaptation Model as the AEHS MATHEMA also has. The main contributions of the architecture of the MATHEMA in the improvement of functionality of AEHSs are the meta-adaptation technique, the adaptive group formation technique, the problem-solving technique, and the synchronous communication protocol that it supports.
paper_21	BCH codes are a family of cyclic codes, which are used in many applications, due to their powerful algebraic decoding algorithms and their error-correcting capability. In this paper, our work will focused on finding the minimum distance of large BCH codes. The section 3 presents the proposed scheme ZSISMP. The section 4 presents the main results. For this reason, many researchers have explored several ways to attack the difficulty of the minimum distance search problem for large BCH Codes. This section summarizes the most important ones. In  [9] , Augot, Charpin, and Sendrier presented an algebraic system constructed from Newton's identities. [15] . The artificial intelligence Simulated Annealing presented in  [16] , Tabu Search  [17] , Hill-Climbing  [18] , Genetic Algorithm  [18] [19] , Ant Colony Optimization  [20] , Metropolis Algorithm  [21] , was shown to be useful to attack the difficulty of the minimum distance search problem for BCH Codes. Unlike classical techniques based on exhaustive or partial enumeration of codewords, Berrou in  [23]  has presented an efficient approach based on the notion of Error Impulse response of a Soft-In decoder. This approach consists in adding to all-zero codeword a level of noise and considering the minimum distance as the smallest level of noise from which the Soft-In decoder fails in correction. This section presents a validation of the proposed method on BCH codes of known minimum distance and its application for finding the minimum distance of BCH codes of unknown minimum distance. This section presents also a comparison between the proposed scheme and previous work on minimum distance for BCH codes. The both last result have been proved in  [9] , by using the Newton's identities. In order to validate the proposed method, it is applied on all BCH codes of known minimum distance presented in table 1. the obtained results show that the minimum weight found by the proposed method is equal to the true value of the minimum distance of all BCH codes of length up to 255. Therefore, the proposed method is validated for BCH codes of lengths up to 255. The table 3 presents a comparison between the proposed scheme and MIM-RSC method  [24] . The obtained results are given in the table 4 so that d f represent the minimum distance found by our scheme. The experimental results show that the proposed scheme outperforms several known powerful techniques. In the perspectives, we will apply this powerful scheme to construct good large cyclic codes, and adapt this scheme for other linear codes.
paper_31	This paper takes chronic diseases as the research object, and proposes a design of intelligent medical system for chronic diseases based on semantic matching by the adaptation of ZigBee technology in the front-end data acquisition. Through the ZigBee wireless sensor network, this system sends the physiological parameters collected by various medical sensors to the intelligent medical system, and innovatively proposes semantic matching algorithm to solve the queuing problem of data transmission, to ensure the accuracy of data transmission. This system employs the improved spatial vector model to process the data uploaded, and uses AES encryption algorithm in the process of data transmission to ensure the security of data transmission. This passive recording method greatly raises the economic cost and time cost of patients with chronic diseases. With the means of the Internet, with the carrier of the mobile terminal, intelligent medical treatment founded on the units of family is a new trend. Therefore, it is of great significance to develop an intelligent data analysis platform to record, store, and share and handle various personal health signs in time through wireless transmission. For example, the General Hospital of the People's Liberation Army (PLAGH) communicated and discussed some diseases with foreign experts through satellites. With the great progress of mobile communication technology, Internet and WSN technology with low power consumption, some scholars have applied wireless transmission technology to medical detection system. Meanwhile, some also have applied various wireless sensor technology to medical monitoring system. And some scholars combined Bluetooth technology with GSM short message to realize the collection and remote monitoring of physiological parameters such as blood pressure  [12]  and pulse. In the meantime, some other scholars use 4G and the Internet transmission technology to send physiological parameters to the medical system through the Internet or 4G network, so as to realize medical monitoring. Due to the hazards and characteristics of chronic diseases, researchers all over the world have presented various methods for preventing, monitoring and treating it from different perspectives. With the emergence of various new telecommunication technology, scholars kept providing health care using all sorts of communication technology. During this stage, information technology was connected with medical health care more closely. Haji Bagheri Fard present methods based on deep learning algorithms to achieve high classification accuracy  [8] . Zigbee has been implemented on the Health Care Profile. As an alternative for aiding healthcare systems, sensors and wearable devices are used for monitoring patient physiological data to help guide health services or the self-care of patients  [9] . For example, when using 4G technology and WIFI technology to transmit data, patients must keep focusing on whether the device is online at all times. (3) The problems of unitary monitoring data. The current WITMED system focuses only on data acquisition instead of processing uploaded data and returning the result. The growing trend of WITMED system shows that a variety of health signs data will be monitored, transmitted, processed and analyzed in real time, the system can process the uploaded data. Attracted by the broad prospect of smart medicine, BAT and other Internet enterprises have participated in the smart medical industry. Alibaba founded Alibaba health  [15] ; Tencent launched the first AI+ medical product Tencent Meiying in 2017; many large enterprises integrated medical resources through mergers and acquisitions to lay out the intelligent medical industry chain. Then the coordinator transmits the data collected to the intelligent medical system. The data acquisition structure charts After collecting patients' physiological information from the node, various physiological sensors will continuously upload them to the coordinator. The general technique route of the algorithm is as follows: Propose a comprehensive sorting algorithm, on the basis of semantic matching and a first-come-first-served principle. First, match the Word segmentation information by queued delivery with the taglib of the analysis system. Finally, the request is inserted into the message queuing sequence by the matching degree. The general algorithm of this part is as follows: Define priority function: f x, y ax by ε, with a basic definition as follows: x: semantic matching degree, 0≤x≤1 y: a request arriving at the serial position, 0<y≤1 a is defined as the weight of semantic matching degree, 0<a<1 b is defined as the weight of serial position of Request arrives, 0<b<1, a+b=1 ε is defined as the disturbance value, 0≤ε≤0.1, with the default as 0. Generally, a is close to µ= 1 2 , formula_0 Therefore, the process of queuing algorithm based on Semantic matching is as follows: With the hypothesis that a= 1 2 (to take one half of the sum) x= 5 10 (there are 10 participles in semantic information, of which 5 are matched), y 1 (Before a new message arrives, assumes that the request queue has 10 participles waiting, then: f x, y y a x y ε =0.294, therefore, the priority value of the message is 0.294. The patients' vital signs data will be transferred into the data analysis system by the sensor, and then the data will be analyzed by the big data system, various signs data will be compared with the characteristic values of related diseases and the results will be returned. This research proposes an improved space vector model algorithm to ensure whether the patient has a related disease by the similarity between the physical signs and the disease on the basis of calculation of the sign value, continuous sign value and the disease characteristic value. An improved SVM calculation method is as follows: Definition 1 (conception): Define a tuple F= (X, Y, Z), in which x is the collection of all objects is the object property set, Z (X*Y), Z is a subset of X*Y. Definition 3: The concept similarity is calculated as:  formula_1 The column mixed operation formula is shown as  Figure 6 : (4) key plus calculation Key plus calculation operates the 128 bit key is XOR bit by bit with the data in the state matrix. The process of key plus calculation can be regarded as the result of Bitwise XOR or byte level or bit level operation. In this study, a design scheme of intelligent medical system based on semantic matching is proposed, with the front-end data acquisition which adopts ZigBee technology, and a semantic matching algorithm is innovatively proposed to solve the queuing problem of data transmission to ensure the accuracy of data transmission. Through ZigBee wireless sensor network, the system sends the physical parameters collected by various medical sensors to the information control terminal, and the improved spatial vector model is employed to process the uploaded data in the process of data transmission by the intelligent data analysis platform, and the security of data transmission is ensured by adopting the AES encryption algorithm in the whole process. The system can gather and process big health data of chronic patients, and realizes the discovery, tracking and treatment of chronic diseases. The semantic matching algorithm and the space vector model algorithm proposed by the system can be widely used in the data acquisition of clinical big data to provide theoretical and technical support for artificial intelligence to assist disease risk prediction. The intelligent system realizes the data collection of the whole process of outpatient service, examination and treatment, which can provide data support for the precise treatment of diseases.
paper_38	The study aimed to determine if any of the entry requirements such as Ordinary Level (OL) results, Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) scores or Post-UTME (PUTME) scores could predict an outstanding academic performance of first-year undergraduate students admitted into the Faculty of Science in the Kaduna State University, Kaduna. A purposive sample of nine hundred and forty-three (943) first-year students constituted the population for the study were drawn from Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics undergraduate degree programmes from the Faculty of Science of the university who were admitted from the 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 academic sessions. The instruments for data collection were OL, UTME and first-year Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) results, which were coded and analysed with the aid of Computational Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). Pearson Product Moment Correlation (PPMC) Coefficient and Multinomial Logistics Regression (MLR) were the statistics used to answer the four research questions used. The results revealed that with a weak correlation, OL is a good predictor on the CGPA, a dependent variable, for academic performance which holds true for students who are in the CGPA category of '1st class' and '2nd Class Lower' respectively. Each student is expected to have at least five credit passes in not more than two sittings in Mathematics, English Language and three other science-based subjects such as Chemistry, Biology, Physics and Geography at the Ordinary Sa'adatu Abdulkadir and Francisca Nonyelum Ogwueleka: Predicting Students' First-Year Academic Performance Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria Levels (OL) of either Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) which is conducted by West Africa Examination Council (WAEC) and National Examination Council (NECO). The CGPA score takes into consideration students' tests, assignments, practicals, examinations and sometimes lecture attendance. The focus of this study is to predict full-time undergraduate students' first-year Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA), which is one of the variables for measuring the academic performance by using entry requirements, such as Ordinary Levels and UTME, for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University (KASU), Kaduna -Nigeria. Students' academic records show that after admissions, some students perform poorly even after going through a series of screening of their OL results, and writing of UTME and PUTME examinations before offering them admissions. This study aims to investigate the relationship between the entry requirements into any of the Faculty of Science undergraduate full-time degree programmes in the Kaduna State University and the students' academic performance at the end of the first year of study. Determine if any of the following entry qualification used for admission, OL results only, UTME scores only or Post-UTME scores (average of OL results and UTME scores) best predict the academic performance of students in the 100 level CGPA examinations; ii. Investigate the relationship between the students' performance of their entry qualification and the academic performance in the 100 level CGPA examinations. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores (average of OL results & UTME scores) of students and their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students and their first-year CGPA across each academic session, from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA across each academic session, from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? Reference  [9]  stated that students' performance could be obtained by measuring the learning assessment and co-curriculum. A student's academic performance usually is measured in either examinations or continuous assessment tests, and this is expressed in various ways depending on what the scores should be used for. The numerous ways of reporting academic performance include raw scores, percentages, transformed scores, or even as categorical variables such as Excellent, Merit, Very Good, Pass, First Class, Distinction, A1, B2, C4, F9, and others. The underlying assumption made in such selection is that those admitted by satisfying the admission criteria will be successful in the successive academic activities attached to their studies. Several studies have criticised the use of UTME and PUTME as an imperfect instrument for predicting academic performance of students. Wide disparities have cited between UTME and PUTME scores and the progress/performance of students especially those with exceptionally high UTME scores. However, the following review of literature examined the relationships between UTME and PUTME scores as a predictor for the academic performance of students have revealed contradictions in their findings. Reference  [11] , in his study, monitored the performance of science education students admitted through Post UME screening in 2005/2006 academic session. The authors in  [8]  comparatively analysed the academic performance of graduates admitted through UTME and preliminary programmes (Certificate, Basic Studies and School of Science Laboratory Technology [SSLT]) in the University of Port Harcourt. The records of students who graduated in the 2009/2010 and 2010/2011 academic sessions from seven faculties were obtained using the stratified random sampling technique. Their results showed that in all the faculties with the exemption of Agricultural Science and Engineering, the graduates admitted through the preliminary programmes performed significantly better than their counterparts admitted through the UTME. Reference  [1]  used the Pearson Product Moment Correlation Coefficient (PPMCC) to predict the academic performance of first-year students in four departments in the University of Abuja from 2008/2009 to 2010/2011 academic sessions using UTME, PUTME and CGPA. Their results revealed that the correlations coefficient between PUTME and CGPA for the four departments were negative/low, positive/low and positive/moderate coefficients. The study by  [13]  found a significant relationship between students' scores in three examinations, namely: UTME, PUTME and 100-Level Psychology course, Faculty of Agriculture, Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, and thus concluded that the UTME has predictive validity for performance in the university. In the same vein,  [14]  tested the predictive power of the Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria JAMB UTME in predicting students' performance in the university's semester examination by using a regression model. In contrast to the studies from the earlier mentioned authors,  [15]  investigated the relationship between 276 students' performance in the entrance examination and their performance in Mathematics in two selected Colleges of Education (CoE) in Osun and Oyo states each. The data obtained were semester results in Mathematics during 2010/2011 to 2012/2013 sessions and their grades in Mathematics from any of the public entry examinations known in Nigeria such as UTME, WAEC, NECO, and National Business and Technical Examinations Board (NABTEB). This study aimed to investigate which of the University's entry requirements used for the admission process best predicts the academic performance of students in the 100 level CGPA examinations. This section discussed in detail the methodology employed such as research design, sample of study, instruments used, the procedure for the collection of data and data analysis. The design adopted in the study is the correlational ex-post facto, which is used to measure the degree of association between two or more variables or sets of scores. The correlational design is also sub-divided into explanatory and predictive research designs. The Predictive Correlational Ex-Post Facto design was identified to be the most appropriate for the study since the results (CGPA, UTME and OL) of students in the Faculty of Science were used in reaching conclusions about the whole prediction of academic performance. The population of the study was limited to consist of all students admitted into three Faculty of Science undergraduate degree programmes of Kaduna State University for five academic sessions from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 using the OL, UTME and CGPA results. The instrument used to derive the data for this study were: the JAMB UTME scores from 2010 to 2014 and OL grades in the five relevant subjects which were the pre-admission criteria and first-year CGPA results obtained from the semester examinations from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 academic sessions. The data used in the study are the OL grades, and JAMB UTME scores obtained from the University's central database, and the academic standing of first-year CGPA results collected from the various departmental examination officers (DEOs) with the approval from the Dean of the Faculty of Science. However, the OL results obtained from the database was for students admitted during 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 academic sessions. Since the focus of the study is to determine the predictive validity of OL results and CGPA scores (OL-CGPA), UTME and CGPA scores (UTME-CGPA), and PUTME and CGPA scores (PUTME-CGPA), the statistics employed on the extracted data were Multinominal Logistic Regression (MLR) and Pearson Product Moment Correlation (PPMC) coefficient. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores (average of OL results & UTME scores) of students and their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? Table 5  shows the summary of correlations coefficient between OL results and CGPA scores (OL-CGPA), UTME and CGPA scores (UTME-CGPA) and PUTME and CGPA scores (PUTME-CGPA) aimed at all the academic sessions for Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics degree programmes. How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? A Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) was performed to model the relationship between the predictors and membership in the six groups, i.e., CGPA categories (Fail, Pass, 3 rd Class, 2 nd Class Lower, 2 nd Class Upper and 1 st Class) for each degree programme. For Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics programmes, the first equation intercept is the log of the ratio of the likelihood of a student having a 'pass' degree to the likelihood of that student having a 'Fail' degree. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students and their firstyear CGPA across the academic session, 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? Table 8  shows the summary of correlations coefficient between OL-CGPA, UTME-CGPA and PUTME-CGPA aimed at all the degree programmes for the academic sessions ranging from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015. In the 2010/2011 academic session, the correlation coefficient indicated a low positive correlation in OL-CGPA (0.198), UTME-CGPA (0.189), and PUTME-CGPA (0.232). How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME Sa'adatu Abdulkadir and Francisca Nonyelum Ogwueleka: Predicting Students' First-Year Academic Performance Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria scores of students predict their first-year CGPA across the academic session, 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? As shown in the Likelihood Ratio Test results in  Table 9 , the likelihood ratio Chi-Square of 37.446, 19.938, 46.141, 14.349 and 11.167 for 2010/2011, 2011/2012, 2012/2013, 2013/2014 and 2014/2015 academic sessions which has the following as significant values of 0.001, 0.174,.000, 0.499 and 0.741 tells us that the model for students admitted during the 2010/2011 and 2012/2013 academic sessions predicts the CGPA, which is the dependent variable while the other academic sessions does not. For all the academic sessions as shown on the results, the first equation intercept is the log of the ratio of the possibility of a student having a 'Pass' degree to the possibility of that student having a 'fail' degree. Among the classification of degrees, each of the CGPA categories is contrasted with the baseline group of 'Fail' degree. The relative strength of OL, UTME and PUTME on CGPA performance of students admitted in the 2010/2011 session is not statistically significant except for the slope (B) of OL in the CGPA category of '2 nd Class Upper', which is statistically significant. As for the students admitted in the other sessions, 2011/2012 to 2014/2015, the relative strength of OL, UTME and PUTME on CGPA performance are statistically insignificant except for the slope (B) of UTME in the CGPA category of '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' for those admitted in the 2012/2013 academic session, which is statistically significant. The primary purpose of this study is to investigate if OL results, UTME and PUTME scores do predict the academic performance among first-year undergraduate students in the Faculty of Science. Based on the analysis and results using MLR and PPMC for each programme and each academic session, it is evident that OL, UTME or PUTME could not individually significantly predict the academic performance of students in Faculty of Science. However, by combining all the criterion variables, that is OL, UTME, and PUTME, as one variable and performing the PPMC and MLR, findings show that OL is a good predictor on the dependent variable for academic performance with a weak correlation of 0.068 which is statistically significant at 0.04 level. Although OL and UTME are still necessary as instruments for admission, it is recommended that the University be advised to include some other instruments such as senior secondary school mock examinations results for selecting candidates into any of the undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science. Also, there is a need to do a further study by including some more variables, such as age and senior secondary school mock examinations results, as criteria to significantly predict the academic performance of students successfully.
paper_57	Crossover and mutation operations have been adapted for use with ant generated strings which still have to provide feasible solutions. Genetic operations decrease selection pressure and increase probability of finding the global optimum. On their way back they use the same way from which abundant loops has been removed, but the amount of pheromone (1) ∆τ k ij (t) they produced is inversely proportional to the tour length L k (t). Too high values causes random search, too low values get algorithm stock in local optimum. Let's mention ant colony system (ACS) with pseudo-random proportional rule  [3]  in which random uniformly distributed variable q ∈ (0,1) is compared with a tunable parameter formula_5 else the probability selection rule (3) is applied; random selection applied to AS rank  [4]  where random selection rate r is the probability of random selection and represents a user parameter which adjusts the balance between exploration and exploitation; prevention of quick convergence (i) and stagnation avoidance (ii) mechanisms applied to AS  [5] . The mechanism for prevention of quick convergence (i) is based on pseudo-random proportional rule  [3] , but the tunable parameter q 0 is dependent on algorithm iteration  (6)   where NC is the current iteration and N max is the termination iteration. The stagnation avoidance mechanism (ii) is based on the comparison of a randomly generated quantity q ∈ (0,1) with probability p k ij (t) of selected arc. In ACO algorithms representation (i) of genotype space is sequence of nodes: formula_6 where gene n is graph node and L is path length. Mutation (ii) mimics random gene changes. 1 . In ACO adaptation the first and the last node is excluded from mutation. For feasibility reason the replacement node n r (new gene) is such a node from the node n i neighborhood N i , to which an arc from n i predecessor n p to n i successor n s exists  (Fig. 2) . If more such nodes occur, random selection is applied. If more of such nodes exist, random selection is applied. Since optimization process is primary done by ants cooperative behavior, the selection process has purely random concept and genetic operations serve just for selection pressure decrease. It is applied on random selected tour T k (t) in random selected node. If mutation is not feasible, another node is chosen. If more candidates by which the selected node can be replaced occur, the new node is random chosen from the candidates. After all mutation operations are performed, crossover operations are applied. Since genetic operations may produce strings with loops, in ACO framework prior and immediately after each genetic operation a loop removal procedure is performed. Feasibility of genetic operations depends on the graph and generated tours. For this purpose ACO GO algorithm has embedded user feedback which represents a ratio between accomplished and required genetic operations. The above described ACO GO algorithm has been tested on a random generated graph. Variable parameters were set to determine the influence of the genetic operations quantity on algorithm performance and effect of distribution of mutation operations between paths. Simulation results were divided into three groups according to number of crossover pairs and are listed in the  Table 2 . It can be seen that the higher number of mutation operations, the better the performance is (Tables 2). 5 -7) . Results received without crossover operation have higher values along with the Mutation paths axis  (Fig. 5 ). However, results received with two crossover pairs have higher values along with the Mutations per path axis  (Fig. 7) . I.e. with no crossover pair certain amount of mutation operations should be spread out among more paths, but with 2 crossover pairs concentration of mutation operation on less paths tends to perform better. This behavior may be caused by the execution order of the GO: crossover is applied after mutation, thus crossover may re-distribute mutation substrings between more paths. It does not have the highest value on edges of the surface where the highest amount mutation operation is. Beyond 60% threshold ants foraging behavior is suppressed by crossover overload. Mutation operation causes better results than crossover operation. This can be explained by the nature of the mutation operation which creates new paths whilst crossover operation can only combine already existing solutions. The higher amount of mutation operations the higher the performance gain is. No limit for amount of mutation operation was found during the simulation. Without crossover operation distributed mutation operation has better performance, but with two crossover pairs concentrated mutation operation on less paths tends to perform better. The impact of the GO execution order on the mutation operation distribution needs to be verified. Further research and more experiments are needed to determine the distribution and optimal amount of mutation operation with respect to the number of ants and length of the paths.
paper_78	Each formation has its own composition, structure, distribution range and environment, and all of them should be protected effectively. Fuzzy C-means clustering is the only soft method in the clustering family and should have some advantages  [5] . Beside medicine, it is also widely used in food, tobacco, chemical industries  [10, 11] . This study aims to identify Glycyrrhiza uralensis communities and analyze their characteristics on composition, structure and environment in North China. Twenty plots of 5 m × 5 m were established randomly at each site which is over 40 ha in area. The importance value was calculated by the formulas  [7] :  formula_8 Based on the investigation, we determined C equal to twelve. Form. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 75%, a shrub layer cover of 20% and an herb layer cover of 65%. VI. Form. It is distributed from 300 to 500 m in hills with slope 20 -30° in sunny，semi-sunny and semi-shady slope and sandy chestnut soil. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 5% and an herb layer cover of 70%. The common species are Oxytropis myriophylla, Polygonum divaricatum, Adenophora gmeliniia, Potencilla acaulis, Suaeda prostrate, Astragalus melilotoides, Allium condensatum, Artemisia ordosica, and Oxytropis grandiflora. VII. Form. It is distributed from 300 to 500 m in hills with slope 20 -30° in sunny， semi-sunny and semi-shady slope and sandy chestnut soil. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 15% and an herb layer cover of 60%. The common species are Caragana korshinskii, Elaeagnus, mooceroftii, Suaeda prostrate, Artemisias phaerocephala, Saussurea laciniata, Saposhnikovia divariicata, Oxytropis glabra, and Artemisia ordosica. Form. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The common species are Salicornia Bigelivii, Carex duriuscula, Stipa sareptana, Artemisias phaerocephala, Alopecurus pratensis, Saposhnikovia divariicata, and Carex pediformis. Form. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Carex pediformis +Stipa sareptana. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. The common species are Cleistogenes squarrosa, Caragana pygmaea, Hordeum brevisublatum, Ephedra sinica, Achnatherum sibiricum, Artemisia frigida, Viola tianschanica, Carex duriuscula, and Alopecurus pratensis. Form. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Astragalinae triloa + Stipa sareptana. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. The community has a total cover of 75%, a shrub layer cover of 10% and an herb layer cover of 70%. Form. It is distributed from 400 to 750 m in hills with slope 15 -35° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 15% and an herb layer cover of 65%. The common species are Caragana pygmaea, Astragalinae triloa, Stipa parpurea, Festuca logae, Artemisia kaschgarica, Polygonum viiiparum, Ephedra equisetina, Glycyrrhiza inflate, and Alyssum desertorum. Form. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Festuca logae + Stipa sareptana. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. Vegetation systems are very complex with interactions of species, communities, environmental variables, and so on  [18] .
paper_96	With the rapid development of China's transportation, the frequency of traffic accidents is also high. This not only restricted the development of China's transportation greatly, but also threatened to people's safety seriously. In particular, the accidents caused by the blind due to there are more frequent reproduction, so their traffic safety has become a big issue to solve urgently. In the program, a new type of "warning system of obstacle avoidance of embedded electronic guide dog" has been developed on the basis of careful analysis of all kinds of present anti-collision warning systems, which has a core micro-controller, 32-bit ARM7 microprocessor, and takes the embedded operating system uCLinux as its platform. Such warning system of obstacle avoidance of embedded electronic guide dog can effectively eliminate the impact of the traffic environment and the subjective factors of the blind, warning in advance for the travelling blind in time, effectively avoiding obstacles such as vehicles, to reduce traffic accidents caused by the their blindness. This humane technology innovation is the specific embodiment of environmental science and technology aesthetic theory in the field of scientific and technological innovation. I think that if electronic guide dogs guide them to avoid obstacles such as vehicles, the blind people are able to avoid such accidents, aren't they? The research on "warning system of embedded electronic guide dog avoiding obstacles" in this paper is an important part of intelligent electronic guide dog system, the study of which is mainly based on the embedded system, anti-collision warning system, and the USB technology is applied to warning system of embedded electronic guide dog avoiding obstacles. The design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog is an inheritance and innovation, based on the design of traffic information collecting system, which is generally used in vehicle anti-collision at present. In this way, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog has the following advantages. What's more, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog has utilized the core processor, based on the realization of the system function, and development conditions. Meanwhile, light and sound may make an auditory and visual stimulation for other pedestrians, arousing the attention of the blind and pedestrians to let them take appropriate actions at the same time to avoid accidents. Moreover, the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also selects USB protocol to transfer data, saving the collected data in the hardware after being managed. The overall design plan of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog mainly is the velocity and distance measurement module, the power circuit module, the LED screen show module, USBcommunication circuit module, and clock circuit module. The hardware of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog can reference the Figure 1:  Figure 1 : Schematic diagram of hardware system structure  [4] The selection of anti-collision warning system for the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog should start from the characteristics of the highway network and the street network construction in our country, combing with the characteristics of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of electronic guide dog, as well as the construction of our country's highway and street traffic integrated management system. Therefore, in the design process of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog, after the comprehensive and comparative analysis of the anti-collision warning techniques, we have compared the optimization principles of the anti-collision warning techniques, and finally adopt the approach of millimeter wave radar sensor + ARM microprocessor. The design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also adopts the generally used embedded processor. In addition, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also makes a full use of USB. USB is a new kind of computer peripheral communication interface standard, which abandons the defects of the traditional computer series/parallel, with advantages of the reliability of data transmission, hot plug (plug and play), convenient extension, and low cost. The warning system of embedded electronic guide dog avoiding obstacles studied in the project can effectively eliminate the influence of traffic environment and blind subjective factors, send the pre-trip alarm for the blind in time, effectively avoid obstacles such vehicles, to reduce traffic accidents caused due to the blindness. This humanized technology innovation is the embodiment of environmental science and technology aesthetics theory in the field of science and technology innovation practice. This has not only a positive role in promoting the development of Chinese transport and the blind welfare, but also important practical significance and practical value for us to build a harmonious society and a beautiful China.
paper_134	Data mining, also referred to as knowledge extraction from databases, is one of the most important analytical methods for identifying the relationships between the various elements of the information collected in order to discover the useful knowledge and support of strategic decision-making and sustainable development systems in various industries. The most jobbery ways during olive oil production consist of mixing other oils such as maize, sunflower, Canola and corn into the olive oil. A set of 16 samples of olive oil, sunflower, canola and corn oil which mixed with different ratio of Authentication, were used for calibration and evaluation of developed system. New information and communication technologies, as well as decision support technologies, can be very effective in providing timely, accurate, and relevant information to users by collecting, storing, evaluating, interpreting, analyzing, retrieving and disseminating information to specific users  [1] . These methods are very damaging, costly and time-consuming. Nowadays, many non-destructive methods have been investigated, which have the ability to identify various components of the quality and purity of a substance at a widespread level. Among the non-destructive methods, the dielectric method has advantages due to the relationship between the steady-state dielectric with some qualitative materials, the cost less than other methods, high speed and high efficiency in the construction of systems Different recognition of quality has attracted the attention of many researchers  [5] . Typically, the conductor plates of the capacitor are made of aluminum, zinc and silver, and among them, a dielectric can be placed in the air or other material. The association of these properties with many quantitative and qualitative components of the product, high speed, low cost and high efficiency of its use as a new and non-destructive technology has been considered by many researchers to measure a wide range of qualitative and quantitative characteristics of agricultural products  [8] . One of the main reasons for this low consumption is the high price of this oil. When in a country where milk is eaten up by 30 percent as a result of a rise in the price of a few hundred tons, what else would you expect from a 60 to 80 thousand Riels per liter consumption of lubricants  [9] ? This high price, in addition to having an impact on consumption, has been motivated to enter the market for profits. This high price, in addition to having an impact on consumption, has been motivated to enter the market for profits  [10] . Knowing the original oil is also not an easy task that anyone can handle. (2010) conducted a research on olive oil for detecting adulteration using a dielectric spectrum. The relationship between the rates of fruit dielectric constant in a frequency of 1 kHz to 10 MHz was investigated. The results of the experiment showed that the dielectric constant is strongly affected by the size and volume of the fruit and also decreases with the increase in the fruit juice, which is clearer in a frequency of 1 MHz. The results of the prediction were satisfactory and the correlation coefficient between the actual yield and the expected value of the fruit was 0.85  [13] . The samples were blended with sunflower canola and corn oil, and they made up a total of 9 classes with varying percentages (from 60 to 100% in 5% increments), each of which was shed separately, according to the desired amount, of 100 centimeters inside the sensor. The device used consists of the Arduino board, ICL8083 and AD8302. The Arduino board is used on the Uno device, which uses the Atmega2560 microcontroller. The microcontroller is an electronic application chip that can increase the speed and efficiency of the circuit versus reducing the volume and cost of the circuit. The AD8302 chipset has been used to measure the domain and fuzzy detection, as well as to measure the dielectric parameters. (Figure 1 .) One of the new ideas in identifying and categorizing patterns is a backup vector machine or SVM. Backup machines have very valuable properties that make it suitable for pattern recognition. In this study, coarse function was used to regression test data. Figure 4  shows response diagrams for adulterated samples of olive-sunflower, olive-canola, olive-corn. In this article two factors (gain voltage and phase shift voltage) were measured. It is noticed that The AD8302 measures the magnitude ratio, defined here as gain, and phase difference between two signals. In this study, Quadratic function was used to regression test data. Comparison of the testing stage of these techniques showed coarse tree was the best prediction. Interestingly, olive-Canola oil samples predicted with high accuracy in all techniques. As regards, the accuracy of the methods are close together, this can be concluded that all selected techniques, presented here, have a good potential to be used to determine olive oil fraud. As regards, the accuracy of the methods are close together, this can be concluded that all selected techniques, presented here, have a good potential to be used to determine olive oil fraud.
paper_139	Much effort made towards in investigates mechanism with identical detection algorithms, still the retrieved web documents with outmodedlink. In this proposed system, we are successfully identifying and minimize the redundant information and like link in web documents. Utilizing customary data recovery  [5]  and information mining systems it get to the known and obscure data from the Web content. A query is searched in a web search tool to recover some significant and required data for the client, either the search query is known or unintelligible to the client, it generally to reply with relevant data rather than redundant, however we can't guarantee that the reply for the query about the significance and redundancy. Once the input query is requested, the search engine generate the document with multiple web pages along with the links, the user will be unaware about the content of the web pages, the extracted web documents contain multiple web pages either be redundant or not. The Document retrieved must follow some constraints which have less time & space requirements, based upon the criteria the extracted web document must be preprocessed, for preprocessing & information selection, need to apply some techniques such as stop word removal, Stemming of word, phrasing, normalization of tokens. Step2: Pick the minimum degree vertex 'v' in the set-up and include in the set U. Step3:While U doesn't include all vertices Step3A: Include the entire isolated vertex which is adjacent to the vertex 'v' to U. Step3B: Find the adjacent vertex 'u' to 'v' which is not in U and has maximumdegree. Update 'u' to U. Step3C: Update the value of degree for all adjacent vertices of 'u'. Apply the proposed KTMIN-JAK-MAXAM ALGORITHMto G 1 By step 1: deg(All Nodes of G 1 ) = 3 By step 2: Mark the node A as visited and put it onto the set U. By step 3: There is no isolated vertex in the given graph G 1 By step 4: 4.1 Investigate any unvisited adjacent node from A. 4.3 Now travel around the node 2, the unvisited adjacent node is from 2 as 1 and 4. After inclusion of the node 1 the set U consists of the nodes A, B, 2, 1. 4.4 Discover the node 1, the unvisited adjacent node is from 1 as only 3. Now the set U consists of the nodes A, B, 2, 1, 3. Case II: Connected Complete Network G 4 in figure 8  Here notice that, all complete connected networks G, after applying the proposed KTMIN-JAK-MAXAM ALGORITHM to G, we get linear path of length (n-1).
paper_145	Among them 44.3 percent were overweight and obese. With the increase in age significant increase in prevalence rate of obesity was observed. Overweight and obesity were more among urban residents compared to rural residents and they were thirty two percent more exposed to overweight and obesity. The proportion of overweight and obese was higher among them who did not do any physical labor. According to factor weights it was noted that the important factors for variation in the level of obesity were mainly gender variation followed by occupation, education and type of work. The prevalence of overweight and obesity has increased rapidly over the last decades especially in developed countries  [1] [2] [3] . Obesity is generally associated to a significantly higher risk of arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus (DM), hepatic steatosis, hyperdyslipidemia and renal failure  [5, 6] . It had been observed in some research findings that youth who do not meet guidelines for dietary behavior, physical activity and sedentary behavior have greater insulin resistance than those who do meet guideline  [12] . For this reasons, World Health Organization considers the epidemic a worldwide problem which requires public health intervention  [13]  that act on different factors associated with overweight and obesity as well as technological changes that have lowered the cost of living of the people so that people can avail sufficient food with required protein. But people are less aware, specially the rural people, of the problem of obesity and the factors responsible for this. As a result, the factors responsible for obesity and the related diseases are not well identified. The aim of this paper was to identify the socioeconomic factors responsible for obesity and overweight among some rural and urban people of Bangladesh. The important factors for obesity and overweight were identified by factor analysis, where largest factor weight indicated the most important variables  [14, 15]  responsible for obesity. The data were collected through a pre-designed and pretested questionnaire during the months of May and June, 2015 by some undergraduate and post graduate students of American International University-Bangladesh, most of whom were doctors and nurses, of the department of Public Health and they were associated with public health services. Besides the factor analysis, the association of different socioeconomic variables with level of obesity were investigated. Significant association was decided by chi-square test with p-value< 0.05 and odd ratio was calculated for respondents who were overweight and obese compared to normal group. Obesity was observed among 15.3 percent people and overweight respondents were 34.0 percent. In each level of obesity the majority were from urban area. The differences in proportions of level of obesity according to residential area were not significant [P (χ2 ≥ 5.128) = 0.528] which indicated that respondents for different levels of obesity were similar for both urban and rural areas. However, urban people were more exposed to overweight and obesity by thirty two percent compared to rural people [O. R.= 1.32]. The levels of obesity were significantly different among males and females [  Table 2 , P (χ2 ≥ 27.546) = 0.000]. They were in more risk of overweight and obesity by 51 percent compared to males [O. R.= 1.51] Obesity and severe obesity were observed almost similar among Muslims and Non-Muslims [  Table 3 ]. Significant differences in proportions of obesity among the two religious groups were noted [P (χ2 ≥ 10.82)= 0.012]. But the O. R.= 1.07 indicated that both the religious groups were similarly exposed to overweight and obesity. Similar normal group was noted among the other group of respondents. Levels of obesity was significantly associated with levels of ages [P (χ2 ≥ 18.34) = 0.008]. But if classification of respondents was done into two groups, one group of ages <40 years and another group of ages 40 years and above, both the groups were almost similarly exposed to overweight and obesity [O. R.= 0.81]. The proportions of different levels of obesity according to professional variations were significant [P (χ2 ≥ 46.472) = 0.000]. But, all other professional groups of respondents had the similar risk of obesity compared to servicemen [O. R. = 1.04]. Significant association was noted between the level of obesity and the level of income [P(χ2 ≥ 64.994) = 0.00]. So far we had discussed the results of association of levels of obesity and some socioeconomic characteristics. Now, let us observe the association of level of obesity and prevalence of diabetes. But overweight and obese respondents were 62 percent more exposed to diabetes compared to other groups of respondents [O. R.=1.62] In one study  [20] , it was reported that smoking was one of the factor to increase the level of obesity. The association between smoking habit and level of obesity was significant [P(χ2 ≥ 20.189) = 0.0.002]. The association between smoking habit and level of obesity was significant [P(χ2 ≥ 20.189) = 0.0.002] and smokers were 21 percent more exposed to overweight and obesity compared to non-smokers [O. R. = 1.21]. Thus, we were in search of identification of most important variables to explain the variation in the levels of obesity in the present data  [14] . The variables which were included in the analysis were sufficient to explain the variation as KMO = 0.633, χ2 = 256.371, p-value = 0.000. From the analytical results it was seen that all the p-values were less than 0.05 which indicated that the inclusion of variables for factor analysis were justified. These three variables were more important for the variation in the level of obesity. The factor analysis extracted 5 components as these components explained 73.309 percent variation in the observations of obesity. From the factor analysis it was noted that the coefficients of the variables gender was highest followed by occupation, education and type of work. This component explained 25.733 percent variation in the data of obesity. This information were noted from the characteristic roots of the correlation matrix of the variables, where the roots were 2.573, 1.616, 1.086, 1.053, and 1.003. The second component showed that the most important variables to explain the variation in the data of obesity were residence followed by religion and income. This component explained 10.86 percent variation of the obesity. The analysis presented here was done from the data collected from 635 diabetic patients and 265 control group of respondents. The investigated respondents were divided into 4 groups according to their level of obesity, where levels of obesity were decided by their levels of BMI. Higher (71.6%) prevalence rate of diabetes was noted among the overweight and obese group of respondents. The prevalence of overweight and obesity were significantly associated with age, religion, education, occupation, marital status, income and smoking habit. Factor analysis also indicated that some of the socioeconomic variables were responsible for increased rates of overweight and obesity. The percentages of these four groups of respondents were 7.6, 43.1.34.0 and 15.3, respectively. The obesity is one of the risk factor of prevalence of non-communicable diseases  [NCD]  and it enhances the arterial hypertension, diabetes renal failure etc. Among the respondents 84.1 percent were of the age 40 years and above and among them 42.8 percent were overweight and obese. The factor analysis showed that sex, occupation, education and type of work were more important to explain the variation in the level of obesity.
paper_212	Despite the spread of HIV/AIDS having been explored widely, not much literature is available on the Gillespie Algorithm based SIR model. The purpose of this paper is to build on the concept of Gillespie's Algorithm based SIR models by developing a stochastic SIR model to simulate disease evolution in the population setting. We conclude that the simulated model reflects reality. On June 5, 1981 a mysterious disease was recognized among MSM in the USA. In the same year, it was identified that it attacks the immune system of the host, incapacitating them to heal subsequently leading to death. It was characterized by its etiological agent HIV in 1983,  [1] . In 1984, several HIV and AIDS cases were documented in Kenya. 170 of 1999. The number of those that died account for 7% of the global total. These questions are encompassed in the modeling of the HIV immunology, the HIV dynamics as well as the AIDS dynamics such as the dynamic distribution of the disease in the population and its likely magnitude. In this model, there were no forms of intervention. The transmission parameter was held constant for all stages of HIV. The group most affected would be the 31-40 years group. In several concentrated epidemics, HIV prevalence estimates do not match reported cases and mortality estimates do not match reported deaths, even after adjusting. Even with the 2013 updates of Spectrum where adjustments were made in the parameter values empirically to improve the fit to program data, the estimates given by Spectrum still differed with data available. The parameter depended on the varying population size N. This meant that both the population size varied as well as the transmission/contact rate. They used the Milstein method to simulate for analysis. Despite the fact that a lot of research has been done on modeling disease trajectory, not much literature is available on the use of Gillespie based SIR models to simulate the trajectory of a disease in the population. This makes it a prime candidate for the tau step vantage point. In their works they build a disease spread prediction model based on the SIR model and applied parameter values to a stochastic model based on Gillespie's algorithm. This is applied to data and the conclusion was that the model well explains the process of the spread of the disease in the population  [10] . Infection-transmission deterministic models are based on the characteristics of population growth, disease occurrence, and spread within a population. This study seeks to incorporate a stochastic aspect in the deterministic SIR epidemiological model. This paper will contribute and build on to the existing literature on modeling disease dynamics in the population with the model tested on HIV/AIDS data 1985-2018 to investigate if the simulated values would reflect results that are close to reality. They set the transmission and infection rates as invariant for all ages and this allowed the inclusion of an infectives class. denotes the birth rate and death rate denotes the infection rate denotes the recovery rate t denotes time point Model development The Gillespie algorithm was used to simulate a statistically correct trajectory given initial SIR conditions. The model explored how altering transmission dynamics affected the model as a whole. The graphical representation of the developed stochastic model is shown;  Figure 1 . The stochastic SIR model. , , This Gillespie's algorithm based stochastic SIR model generates a statistically correct trajectory from the initial vector as , , where i=s, i, r S+I+R=N i denotes the population size of the state at time t denotes a function characterized by two quantities as a state change vector and a propensity function. , ". Continuous-time Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. The Markov property lets us specify a model by giving the transition probabilities-defined as rates-on a small interval between the compartments. A Markov chain model is one where the probability of the next event depends on the probability of the present state. Discrete evolution is modelled in discrete time. A Markov chain is interpreted here then, as a stochastic discrete-valued model with the Markov property that future states of a process depend on the current state. Continuoustime Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. The Markov property lets us specify a model by giving the transition probabilities-defined as rates-on a small interval between the compartments. Considering the hypotheses, 4 = If the mean and variance of the simulated and natural data are equal, the simulated mean does not fit the data. 4 5 = If the mean and variance of the simulated and natural data are not equal, the simulated data fits the natural data. A stochastic SIR model was simulated with a mean step size of 0.006336446. Curves produced are illustrated below. In order to have confidence in the predicted value, we apply a test to check the simulated values against the natural data values by employing hypotheses. The critical value was 47.4. Mathematical modeling of disease trajectory using Gillespie based algorithms is yet to be explored extensively in literature. The simulated curves were found to resemble the data available in reality.
paper_214	This kind of model allow to the decision maker to create complex reports and graphs based on the columns from the dimension tables and measures from fact tables, that can be the base for creating alternatives and scenarious acording to the economical indicators. Building alternatives and scenarious is an elaborate task and must have a background in existing data structured in databases that have a special structure of dimensions and fact tables. This data warehouse star model allow complex analyses such as rollup, drill down, slice and dice through the dimensions and fact tables by using special tools such as online analythical processes and complex queries based on views and snapshots. The optimal solution or satisfactory is obtained using either algorithms or formulas within optimization models, either by experiencing various possible alternatives in a process simulation. Optimizing the use of a certain class of models for finding the best solutions. For each class there are methods to solve specific, are selected depending on the number of low or very high number of alternatives, the availability of statistical formulas or methods. Such testing may be actions that can be made explicit in the framework model; enable better decision-making structure problem, allowing exploration of information flows and operational procedures without interfering with the actual operation of the system; using cybernetic control system, which underlies decision making in practice; There are a large number of parcel simulation program. Limits of simulation include: support of simulation model is simplified, built pursuing one goal, one key criterion. The simulation can be conventionally divided into the following steps: the problem and research purpose; model development and data collection system; model verification and validation; describing experiments on the computer; simulation execution and achieving results; analyze the simulation results. In order to build models, the decision is based on information provided far more comprehensive than reports and other economic indicators required or provided by the business itself. Decision making process, conducted with the help of tools, methods and techniques, conduct to the scenarios constructed according to a definite objective. In the first case, the user is provided customized views of data stored by performing a diverse set of operations on transactional data. To be more precise, a specific problem highlighted in a model is called one of the most used tools in the decision making simulation. The next logical of optimization and forecasting, simulation assists with the running complex patterns, resulting variables whose analysis highlights the value adopated lead to a decision. The outputs from the process of decision making, represented by analytical indicators reflecting the performance of the system analyzed variables results the evaluation criteria or implementation plans of the decisions  [2, 3] . Evaluation of search results depends on the method of presenting results and depends on the facilities of component dialog with users that provide inputs. After analyzing the results achieved and the objectives of their reporting, signaled differences and after identify problems it was reveal the need to take action. In the model design phase defines a model for decision shall be tested and validated under real system. Based on patterns defined by an efficient simulation can generate alternatives. For choosing the solution which takes the results of the previous stages, the action is chosen according to the criterion of selection and decision-making model. The choice of solution is closely linked to proper evaluation of the results of said solution. Implementation is the phase that involves the integration model chosen solution in context and simulating the real system. It receives relevant and substantiated elements on activity in the real system and builds models for solving future decision making on the basis of current assessments.Of the foregoing that a decision support system provides a filtering of information provided to decision makers and indicates certain restrictions. The architecture of a system aimed at its components and how they interact, types and operations allocated to each component. For an interactive decision support system architecture includes the following subsystems: Data management subsystem Subsystem management models User subsystem dialog Data management subsystem consists of the following elements: database management system oxidase data, data dictionary and declarative query language. The database is built to meet the information requirements of the system and is an interrelated database operated by one or more users, one or more applications. Whatever the nature of their data is stored in relational databases, transactional system data or data warehouse, built on subjects of interest. In most cases there is SGBS transactional relational data system and a management database for multidimensional data warehouses created. The most common data dictionary used in the first phase of decision making is data mining to identify their problems and opportunities. The subsystem management model consists of the following components: base models, the management models, dictionary and processor execution models and integration patterns Base models contain the set of models that make it possible to analyze the facts and the choice of options in terms required by the user. It is the component that differentiates interactive decision support systems to other systems. Tactical models are applied to the organizational subsystems and assist the user in taking decisions for allocation and management subsystem resources available  [3, 6] . Database management system allows creating new models models using programming languages, update and modify existing models, establish interdependencies between models. Manage in a logical manner a variety of models to consistency of the data model and provides integration of application systems components maker. Conceptual models are multidimensional and designed to organize data necessary decision-making process on issues. In such a model is highlighted: quantitative data centralized called measures of activity quantitative criteria for centralized aggregation  ,  referred sizes  relational table that stores the measures identified by   the facts dimensions is called table  Tables where aggregation criteria has explicit codes,  called type tables list. The advantages of using databases for Decision Support Systems in businesses involves creating numerous queries by the decision maker and also allow to create many scenarious and variants to choose from. The databases permits flexibility in creating queries by choosing columns from dimension tables and measures from the fact table and so the decision maker may choose what economical indicators is useful to analyse and also permits to create different types of graphs such as columns, pies, scatter points or webs. By simply analysing these reports and graphs helps the decision maker to create different scenarious by changing target indicators and corelate with the economical indicators that can't be changed  [2, 5] . The methods specific to the databases such as SQL language and the Business Intelligence tools allow businesses to explore data and to create alternatives that helps to choose the optimal variant according to the economical restrictions that came from the business environment.
paper_216	Amongst the non-parametric approaches used to improve the accuracy of the model in this study is the Wavelet-based pricing model. This study made an attempt to improve the accuracy of option price estimation using Wavelet method and it improves the accuracy due to its ability to estimate the risk neutral MGF. The MSE and RMSE of Wavelet model is 0.208546 and 0.456669 respectively which is much lower than that of Black-Scholes model and therefore in conclusion, Wavelet model outperforms the other model. The Black Scholes model has been developed under some assumptions such as the risk-free rate and volatility of the returns are known and constant, the returns of the underlying security are normally distributed, markets are efficient (market movements cannot be predicted). In the real market, the asset returns follow a leptokurtic distribution which is in contrast to the Black-Scholes model where returns are assumed to be log-normally distributed. Variables used in this model are observable, for example the time to expiration, exercise price and the closing price except the volatility which is not directly observable. The Wavelet based pricing model is another nonparametric method alternative used to price derivatives  [4] . According to the literature, this model is the latest theoretical contribution to the option pricing and it is better at capturing the volatility smiles which is as a result of the Black-Scholes' assumption on volatility constant. The implied risk neutral moment-generating functions (MGF) is estimated by the wavelet method. This research therefore compared the performance of Wavelet based pricing model and Black-Scholes model in the valuation of a European option. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows: Section 2 discusses the existing literature; Section 3 presents an overview of the Black-Scholes model and Wavelet based pricing model. Their formula can be used to obtain the following parameters; the spot price, the exercise price, interest rate, time to maturity and volatility. This model has been discussed extensively in order to improve its pricing biases and to impose more practical assumptions. The derivation of the pricing formula is independent on the parametric form of the underlying security's price dynamics and hence the success of this model depends on the accurate capture of dynamics of the underlying security's price process. According to the researches as far as pricing derivative securities is concerned, Wavelet based option pricing model is the latest option pricing model in the literature  [6] . The approximation of the implied risk-neutral MGF of the underlying security (asset) returns was focused by developing a non -parametric option pricing model called Wavelet model  [4] . In comparison between the risk-neutral MGF and the implied risk-neutral PDF, the risk-neutral MGF has a number of advantages even though between them, there is a one to one relationship. The following are some examples of these advantages; when there is presence of jumps in the underlying process MGF is more tractable, the option's obtained MGF is a continuous function, statistical moments of the asset distributions can be obtained using MGF and the risk neutral MGF can be used to estimate the out of sample options that has maturity dates which are different. The second use of wavelet method is that, they can be used to de-noise raw data. The de-noising ability of wavelets was also recognized in  [7] . formula_0 From the Black-Scholes formula above, we see that the strike price (K), risk free interest rate (r), time to maturity (T), the volatility (") and the current price of the stock (S0) are required. Based on some general assumptions like independent and identically distribution (iid) for asset returns and that the moment generating function is defined well, the wavelet based pricing model can be expressed as follows; formula_1 Where, t is the current time, is the underlying asset price at time t, # $ is the time t price for a European call option written on asset, K is the strike price and T is the future maturity date. From the expression above, the core of the pricing model is; formula_2 where v is a complex value whose real part Re (v) < -1 for calls and Re (v) > 0 for puts. The underlying asset dynamics and investor expectation in option prices is captured by the MGF Θ !$ + of the logarithmic returns /0 7 . This needs to be approximated by wavelets. In order to approximate the implied MGF using the wavelet method, one has to choose a particular wavelet from a large family of wavelets. To estimate the risk neutral MGF of the return per unit time, we use the Franklin hat function f (t) expressed as; The data sets consist of simulated stock prices, the exercise price, the time to matureness, interest rate and volatility. The focus on this study was on pricing of a European Call option using two models, one parametric model (BS Model) and one non-parametric models (Wavelet Pricing Model). In order to estimate the risk neutral Moment Generating Function of the underlying security from option prices, we applied the methodology of wavelet. Therefore, one of the most significant input of this study is that the wavelet -based pricing model is an alternative model for pricing options and other derivatives on the same underlying asset with varying times to maturity and different strike values. The superiority of the wavelet method comes from the ability of the wavelets to estimate the risk neutral MGF. This is evident from the values of the RMSE and MSE, whereby MSE of wavelet model is lower than that of Black-Scholes model.
paper_219	This paper introduces a framework to determine data quality on enterprise networks for net-centric and net-ready initiatives as introduced by the US Department of Defense (DoD). The QDS attribute brings distinction to the resultant data quality of the network's quality of service. This distinction is necessary to reflect the separation in procurement and management for sensor systems and network systems for the DoD. The DR attribute is introduced; it is important in enabling enterprise data consumers to sort, filter and prioritize data. There is also a need to assess the quality of data sharing across the enterprise network. One recent method subjectively assess the quality of data is to measure the user satisfaction referred to as quality of experience (QoE). The overall value of data quality on enterprise networks is decided using a minimax decision model consisting of the three attributes. The minimax decision model is chosen to meet the design philosophy that little advantage to the overall enterprise network performance will result from further investment in high performing attributes prior to balancing performance across all three model attributes. The presented framework offers decision support tools to enable agencies to allocate limited resources towards improving the performance of their net-centric service offerings to the enterprise network. The ability to generate data combined with the ability to store data is beginning to outpace the capacity of the bandwidth necessary to simultaneously share all data amongst all the operational stakeholders. A fundamental shift in paradigm is required to ensure the stressors of conducting military operations are supported through data (of both high-quality and high-relevance) and, not burdened by attempts to manage its excess. The US Department of Defense (DoD) introduced the terms net-centric and net-ready to describe the mechanisms by which operators can search and discover information within the bounds of data. Successful policy implementation amongst other factors requires system analysis methods that assist acquisition agencies in targeting limited developmental resources to areas of greatest impact to the overall mission objectives. This paper introduces such a method in support of achieving maximum data quality for military enterprise networks: a quantitative mechanism by which the value of different net-ready implementation options can be evaluated and graded. Importantly, a model for valuing enterprise data quality is introduced to bridge the gap between measure of technical performance and operational benefit. The attributes in the new model represents data quality of the enterprise system within three contexts: net-centric measures, traditional network quality of service, and cyber-security. This directive and the subsequent series of 8320 series documents identify "the cornerstones of Net-Centric Data sharing"; data shall be visible, accessible, understandable, and trusted  [6] . The NR KPP specifies the attributes required of data sharing Information Technology (IT) introduced into the net-centric operational environment: (1) IT must be able to support military operations (SMO), IT must be able to be entered and managed on the network (EMN), and (3) IT must effectively exchange information (EI)  [3] . Making data accessible requires providing authorized users the ability to view, transfer, download, or otherwise consume a data asset once discovered  [6] . Making data understandable requires alignment of terminology, data protocols, data formats, and data meaning between produced and consumer  [6] . A consumer's trust in a data asset is dependent on multiple facets: assessment of the data asset authority, clear identification of the data asset source, tagging with appropriate security metadata, and maintaining a full pedigree of the data asset throughout the full process  [6] . To satisfy the attribute of support to military operations, IT deployed to the operational environment must support identifiable net-centric operational tasks and mission objectives  [3] . The performance of the IT must be quantifiable with threshold and objective values that are traceable to measures of effectiveness (MOEs)  [3] . To satisfy the attribute of entered and managed on the network, the IT connections to external networks required to perform net-centric operational tasks must be identified  [3] . non-generic); the required performance of the connections be identified by quantifiable and testable measures of performance (MOPs); and the connectivity must be managed by a structured methodology  [3] . The specific data elements and assets exchanged with external networks as part of executing net-centric operational tasks are specified by the exchange information attribute  [3] . Each net-centric information exchange defined MOPs that are measurable and each information exchange must also identify how the four criteria for net-centric data sharing (visible, accessible, understandable, and trusted) are satisfied for authorized consumers across the enterprise  [3] . Evaluation of the data sharing enterprise requires a holistic view that considers the net-centric attributes of the data simultaneously with the quality of service for the data network. The combined consideration for each of these areas yields a newly defined model for the data sharing enterprise comprised of three equally important attributes: data relevance, quality of data at source, and quality of service for the enterprise network. The most commonly used subjective rating in standards and in conjunction with QoE is the mean opinion score (MOS) where score of 1 is bad, 2 is poor, 3 is fair, 4 is good, and 5 is excellent. Where an accurate model exists for QoE as a function of that attribute's objective measures then it's used instead of sampling users' opinions. Thus to avoid bias consider unequal sampling of the user population by using login authentication to identify users to form strata of homogenous users. The survey is not just restricted to a complete enterprise system but can be performed in the early design phases of prototypes and help analyze operational performance of an enterprise attribute as a function of its objective measures, i.e. A novel application to networks of a common survey practice is proposed to use the Horvitz-Thompson (HT) estimator  [10]  for determining the value of the total score of the population of size N. HT is commonly used because of its versatility as an unbiased estimator of the total for a sampling/sample with or without replacement. Where it is not easy to design a stratified sampling plan a stratification post collection of n samples without replacement can be constructed. An important part of assessing the end-to-end performance of a data system is consideration of the inherent quality of the originating data prior to its entry into the network; to be referred to as the quality of data at source (QDS). There are three levels of reference used in determining the models for estimating the subjecting ratings: full reference (undistorted service is available for comparison with distorted outcome), partial (or reduced) reference, and no reference. Subjective judgment or QoE is not just about the quality of the video alone, but is also about assessing the usefulness of video to complete a task of identification of human and objects  [16] . data at the source as well as objective measurements of that data on the network that can be used to correlate with the end user's QoE. Examples include understanding relationships between objective measures of QoS like jitter, throughput, and latency to be able to control the QoE. It is expected that models of QoE can be accurately built as a function of objective measures from network, applications, environment, and terminals. The use of the QoE estimate is proposed to provide a subjective rating of the overall relevance of data shared on the enterprise. The three principal elements of data relevance and their respective effects on the QoE for data relevance are now discussed, as depicted in  Fig. One way to analyze these properties and their effect on QoE is to form each stratum of (3) in such a way that we have homogenous groups of consumers with similar intrinsic DR properties. The measure of tagged data relevance corresponds to how accurate the data producer was in expressing the intrinsic data relevance through the application of metadata that is understandable, relatable, and unambiguous to the data consumer. Tagged data relevance is a function of the quality of the taxonomy, the process performance, and the degree of understanding the producer has of the potential consumers. The processing of tagged relevance involves the review and analysis of the data product to assess its key features followed by the application of specific metadata values. The goal of the tagging and discovery process is to connect highly relevant data with an authorized consumer. This requires a thorough understanding of the wants, needs, and priorities of the consumer to realize maximum value of tagged relevance, and therefore a higher QoE. The measure of discovered data relevance is an indication of how well the enterprise system enables a consumer to differentiate the data product offerings accessible via the network according to the level of relevance and value to the mission objectives. To support a high level of discovered relevance, The taxonomy available to the consumer must be sufficient to explicitly discriminate the desired data features from the undesired. The processing element of discovered relevance is a measure of how well the search methods of the system match the descriptive words of the consumer (i.e. Just as the performance of tagged relevance is improved by an understanding of the consumer by the producer, discovered relevance benefits from awareness that the consumer has of the full range of data offerings of the enterprise and how they may be described. This is why an overall QoE value for data relevance is important as it indicates the relative success of the discovery process across multiple groups of users at finding data with intrinsic relevancy suitable to meet their needs. Thus, aside from determining the value of enterprise data quality for purposes of data prioritization, we also have an analytical tool to identify areas of improvement and to allocate resources more effectively across the overall system. We explain here our method to evaluate the overall quality of data of the enterprise based on a minimax decision criterion and its connection with minimax game theory. Going through each action of Player one with knowledge of player two actions L, R we have maximum payoff for player one for U of 5, for D of 5, for N of 4, making a minimax pay-off action of player one of N. Player two takes each action along columns for action L maximum payoff is 4 and 3 for action R, resulting in minimax action for Player two of R with payoff of 3. The formal definition of Wald minimax model is  And for QoS the objective measures could be latency, packet loss, jitter, and sequence of packets. percentage of spatial and temporal coverage between consumer desired and actual data, and percentage of ontology alignment user and producer. formula_5 Thus, for each d in D, starting with d=QDS, a state vector s max (d) is found that produces max s in S(d) f d (s) where f d (s) is a discrete function formed by a predictive model for QoE or in the absence of a model formed from direct user sampled MOS value calculated using (3), i.e. 3 , a particular value of enterprise data quality is given at the start, but from start one could continue to improve QoS and QDS under Option A with no increase in the value of enterprise data quality, whereas Option B modifying the system delivering DR does increase the overall enterprise data quality. This paper introduced a framework to determine data quality on enterprise networks for DoD net-centric and net-ready initiatives. The framework's data quality model consists of three attributes: quality of data at the source, data relevance, and network QoS. The paper described the data quality using minimax decisions based on users' survey ratings for a given enterprise configuration. The implemented strategy provides a tool for decision makers to prioritize data and manage their resources without comprising any part of the data sharing system. The paper notes the definition of the relationships between attribute's objective measures and the final quality of experience. Thus, support is indicated for further research in the development of objective measures using the definition of data relevance elements presented and to determine models for predicting QoE ratings as a function of these objective measures.
paper_241	So the use of transformers protection in electric power systems is very crucial and critical as they are required for efficient transportation of electricity to consumers for long term. This paper is concerned with the differential current protection scheme of transformer using a differential relay technique with arduino Uno microcontroller as a differential relay responsible for comparing the differential current values and sends trip signal to the relay (acting as circuit breaker) to open the circuit when there is fault in the protected zone as a result of imbalance in the differential current values. The demand of electricity in our modern day as led to advancement in electrical power systems, which is reflected in the development of all the power system device generators, different sizes of transformers, transmission lines and the protection equipment. Typically, Power systems are built to allow continuous generation, transmission and consumption of energy. The Differential current protection scheme is based on the principle that the input power to the transformer under normal condition is equal to the output power and is concerned with having a differential or balanced current between the primary and secondary side which would be digitally displayed  [2] . [4] Ochieng designed a microcontroller based power transformer protection system which uses a current sensor as the interfacing instrument between the current transformer and the pic16f690 microcontroller. This paper is concern with the implementation of digital differential current protection of a single phase transformer using Arduino Uno microcontroller as a mechanism of differential relay. The fundamental idea of the differential current protection scheme is to provide protection to the transformer if any fault occurs in the protected zone that will cause an imbalance in the differential currents. When there is an occurrence of internal fault an imbalanced or non-zero differential current will flow through the operating coil of the differential relay which would be substituted with a microcontroller that sends a trip signal to the relays needed to open the circuit. The magnetizing inrush current is a phenomenon that occurs during brief initial state of energization of the transformer even when the secondary side has no load connected to it and has its current a lot higher than the rated current  [6] [7] [8] . The power transformer primary and secondary currents are measured by the current transformers, which are to be protected by the Arduino and the circuit breaker. The current transformers are each connected to the primary and secondary side of the step-up transformer and are used to reduce the currents to a measureable value that can be sensed by the current sensors. The Arduino microcontroller acts as differential current comparator connected to both current sensors ACS712 and as control unit in this design. As a differential current comparator it is used to compare the current values from the outputs of both Current sensors at the primary and secondary sides of the power respectively, computes their resultant difference, which would process an instruction to send a trip signal to the relay depending on its programming and the time required to clear a fault. Variac is introduced in the system to vary and show the characteristics of the differential protection scheme when differential current is below zero and above zero respectively. The differential protection of a transformer is implemented using Arduino Uno microcontroller as a decision making device that sends a trip signal to the relay (acting as circuit breaker) whenever there is faults (internal or external faults). This paper seeks to design an alternative method of transformer protection with a digitally displayed, Arduino based system that will intelligently monitor faults which may arise due to current imbalance of the transformer and prompts a safety measure to protect the transformer.
paper_251	In this paper we propose a concept of multi agent based batch scheduling and monitoring in cloud computing environment, where the number of agent are more than or equal to two with reducing the complexity of accessing and responding time. More comprehensive concept about cloud computing has been narrated and drafted by National Institute of Standard & Technology (NIST): According to NIST-"Cloud computing is a paradigm for facilitating expedient, on-demand network access to a shared cluster (pool/collection) of configurable computing power and resources (like applications, services, networks, servers, and storage,) that can be expeditiously provisioned and exemption with least management endeavor or without service provider interaction. To achieve this task cloud service provider required highly efficient scheduling approach and the proper monitoring of the services provisioned or will be provision to subscriber. Proposed agent based approach has provides the efficient and accurate solutions for efficient scheduling and monitoring in cloud computing. can roam in the network, perform the task at remote stations and send back the results to source platform (where they been originated), agents are also clone themselves and one of the core property of the agent is autonomy i.e. Hence agent based solution has been proposed to meet the requirement of the modern cloud computing with pace of dynamic provision to insure shrink in shrink out (elasticity) of the cloud service provider to achieve highest scalability and reliability in extent of the maximum availability of the service to the requisites. For implementation and evaluation of proposed approach public cloud has been chosen due to cost effective experimental setup. Integration of the agent in the propose system provides the cost effective and reliable with dynamic pace, solution for efficient scheduling (elasticity of the resource and services) and proposer monitoring of the cloud computing systems. 2. Cloudbees -To deploy and test our SaaS application onto the cloud, propose system needs a platform i.e. For this Cloudbees service provider has been integrated onto the developed SaaS application. monitoring and scheduling using software agent New Relic service has been subscribed. In this the java agent has been customized to meet the monitoring and scheduling of the SaaS services. Propose system has surveyed and identified the problem domain that must be addressed in context of the cloud computing and consequently present the idea of agent integration. Fault tolerance While author  [1]  and  [2]  proposed an agent based solution to solve the above listed QoS parameter that greatly affect the performance of cloud service especially SaaS. But the main problem while looking  [1]  and  [2]  is the realization and effectiveness of the agent with cloud for better optimization of the service delivery. Our main research work is to enhance the agent based model for SaaS delivery in the cloud as depicted in the  [1]  and  [2] . Following goals has been achieved or solved with integrating of the Mobile Agent to Cloud Computing service realization 1. To Evaluate and delivered the cloud computing services (SaaS) using agent (for better and fast delivery) using public cloud such as "New Relic and cloud bees". 2. Deploying a web services under SaaS paradigm and evaluate the effectiveness of the web application in the cloud environment with the help of agent. Cloud bees service integrating a SaaS deployment on it and delivering through agent. Measuring the performance of the proposed analytical approach (influenced from Aneka) in cloud services such as public Cloud bees. Provisions of service and resources in cloud PaaS is an important function that provides analytical statistics about the current view of cloud (running instance for a user or group of users). Model for Proposed Work Our proposed work is to schedule and monitor cloud SaaS application onto the cloud and evaluate the performance of the same using proposed agent based. Resources: Algorithm for Scheduling (influenced from Aneka) developed onto the Cloudbees Proposed Algorithm Step1: Register user login Step2: Sign in the user login Step3: Select multi monitoring agent in cloud environment (for each subc_request with QoS constraints) Step 4: Mapping of resources between cloud client, cloud agent and cloud service providers. Following public cloud service providers or tools (platform) and data set has been used for evaluating the effectiveness of the proposed monitoring and provision approach. For evaluating the performance of the proposed agent system, the obtained results have been compared with  [2]  in which author has proposed "MABOCCF" the realization of the federation of different cloud (cloud interoperability) using agent. Scalability Author has compared the outcome of their experiment with Non -MABOCCF (NMABOCCF) technique. Proposed multi agent based solution has influenced from [2] but it's not the realization of cloud federation rather it has to evaluate the scheduling and monitoring of the SaaS (task) application in public cloud's (cloud federation not interoperability). This paper proposed and developed an agent based enhanced method for better scheduling (for resource like CPU, memory etc. for their granting/releasing) and their exact monitoring in the cloud in context of public cloud computing service provider such as Cloudbees. Proposed agent based solution for guaranteed better elasticity and their efficient monitoring of the resources in the cloud which helps to gather analytical statistics of the resources currently held and will be used such a memory, number of instances and CPU. For evaluation of the propose agent based method data set (jsp) has been developed using jsp web pages and deployed onto the cloud evaluating the elasticity and its monitoring. To deploying created SaaS application in the cloud a PaaS service has been required to be subscribed, for this cloudbees PaaS service has been chosen. Then for monitoring and scheduling with software agent New Relic service has been used to customized the agent functionality to meet the propose systems requirement. 2.
paper_272	Moreover the switching process associated with power electronics offers many modern benefits as a static switching system when joints together by using a snubber circuits for damping chopping current and transient over voltages or other facilities  [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15] [16] . This paper focuses on the understanding of both characteristics and load specification relative to vacuum circuit breaker to generate precisely parameters  [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] . Circuit switching system -electroplates including some devices utilizing vacuum interrupters have been viewed as eliminating both of switching surge, arcing currents and high frequency rates for any interval times (microseconds' Process). In addition the inside electroplates some characteristics can be described as followings: Non-sustained disruptive discharge voltages In general, the above characteristics are not involving associated with only vacuum switchgear itself a lone, but when connects the switchgear with power distribution transforms or synchronous motors, there are also many negative interactive processes for instance hysteresis currents, eddy currents and high voltage capacitive inside each transformer (Parasites electrostatics charged) feedback to the interrupter process. Since the vacuum arc is the key element in the vacuum interrupter, some knowledge of its structure and behavior is essential for understanding the operation of vacuum switching process. Current chopping refers to the prospective over voltage events which can result with certain types of inductive load (power transformer) due to the premature suppression of the power frequency current before normal current zero in the vacuum interrupter. If the high frequency accompanying re-ignitions and voltage escalation in one phase couple into other two phases, the process of virtual current chopping can occur  [6] . Virtual current chopping involves the load current in the other two phases being forced to zero by superimposed highfrequency re ignition coupled current. Restrike overvoltage due to the multiple re-ignition of circuit breaker when a switching interrupter process is initiated before current zero. EMTP which is called electromagnetic transient program or others such as SIMULINK/MATLAB are excellent numerical tools that allow for depth studies of switching transients in industrial as well as utility power systems. Since the high frequency characteristics of the power system equipment are depend on stray capacitances that mentioned above and inductances also and they in turn depend on physical dimensions, equipment layout, materials, cable lengths, all these can be represented as follows  [17] ; The figure represents TRV & Re-ignitions computed in the system when switching off power transformer load that the transient voltage approximately (350µs-450 µs) and shows very high frequency sub transients both going in the negative direction of the voltage -Left side. These two high frequency transients and the voltage loop are associated with the current chop and the immediate re ignition of current. Notice that the negative polarity of the voltage loop and the negative direction of the two high frequency transients agree with the negative polarity of the last cycle of the current interrupted. The analysis shows that the effect of damping in an oscillatory circuit can be described in terms of a single parameter, designed ŋ, or its reciprocal ʎ, which is the ratio of the resistance to the surge impedance of the circuit: This fact permits the construction of generalized damping curves for different values of ŋ, from which the solutions to many practical problems can be extracted with about the same effort as one expand in using a table logarithms. Normally our analysis for the switching process basically on parallel RLC circuit as following; L= Indicative load of stator winding coils C= parallel parasite `s capacitors -see the introduction R= evaluating resistance that can be damping oscillating. By calculating the inductor current in parallel RLC circuit under conditions of a subsidence transient, but have a far wider application. However to gain familiarity with these curves, consider a specific example where the inductor current is required in a circuit in which the components have the following values: R=10 5 Ω. L =5 Henrys, C = 2X10 -8 F. These values are typical of unloaded transformer, where R represents the equivalent loss resistance. = 2. The electrostatic charges -static charged -parasitism are almost depleted in the a mount current begin to decrease in the same time of first peak value which generates chopping currents, moreover the formula of the transition processing rate of du/dt or di/dt have to be considered. 2. The other processing steps as followings: a) Chopping current b) Restrikes voltages c) Prestrikes voltages d) Multi reignitions e) Voltage escalation f) Post-arc currents g) NSDD (non-sustained disruptive discharges) It is often misunderstood how all these phenomena are created and what are their real causes. In brief, the majority of transients associated with vacuum interrupter are not just results of the switching device a lone but the interaction between the device and other components of the power system. In other words, the same vacuum interrupter can cause severe interaction with other power equipment and the problem has to be treated as a whole.
paper_294	The cultural heritage of any people can be redressed through the preserved cultural values tangibly stored and preserved in media and forms retrievable and usable. Cassava has played an important role as a staple crop in the feeding of the Tiv people. Cassava is the principal source of dietetic food energy for a significant portions of world populace particularly those living in the lowland tropics, and much of the sub-humid tropics. Incidentally, cassava is the sixth most important crop after wheat, rice, maize, potato and barley and is the primary staple for more than 800 million people in the world and it plays a crucial food security role to the populace due to the fact that its matured edible roots can be left in the ground for up to 36 months. Moreover fresh cassava has a very short postharvest storage lifespan and as such, the Tiv people developed different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after harvest, as well as organizing their local markets where the cassava products would be sold. This study therefore, looks at the impact of the public library through the storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv Management Strategies of Postharvest losses of Cassava for the Development of Agriculture in Benue State of Nigeria. The study found that the Tiv people had various strategies they adopted in managing postharvest losses of cassava. However, the public library failed to acquire and store audiovisual materials on these management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava; information that would have been used for improving and reducing postharvest losses of cassava by farmers. It was therefore, recommended that concerned policy makers should make policies that will allow public libraries to acquire store and preserve audiovisual materials on various indigenous knowledge for development to ensue; and for posterity; and that governments and other stakeholders should ensure that the public library sector is adequately funded and manpower is adequately provided as well. The cultural heritage of any people can be redressed through the preserved cultural values tangibly stored and preserved in media and forms retrievable and usable. This is the very core of storage and preservation. Cassava has played an important role as a staple crop in the feeding of the Tiv people. Cassava is the principal source of dietetic food energy for a significant portions of world populace particularly those living in the lowland tropics, and much of the sub-humid tropics. Incidentally, cassava is the sixth most important crop after wheat, rice, maize, potato and barley and is the primary staple for more than 800 million people in the world and it plays a crucial food security role to the populace due to the fact that its matured edible roots can be left in the ground for up to 36 months. Moreover fresh cassava has a very short postharvest storage lifespan and as such, the Tiv people developed different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after harvest, as well as organizing their local markets where the cassava products would be sold. Apparently, if this is allowed to continue, the consequences cannot be foretold in the near future. The study intends to investigate the impact of the public library through the storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv Management Strategies of Postharvest losses of Cassava for the Development of Agriculture in Benue State of Nigeria. Determined whether public library has impacted on Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava. 1. What are the Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? In what ways does the public library impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? 3. What are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? Public library is a library that is established and managed with public funds. Public libraries are established wholly or partly from public funds. They are not restricted to any class of persons in the community but freely available to all. They are the venue through which the overall information resources are made freely available to all (Edoka, 2000; Assoh, 2011; Shidi, Aju & Ashaver, 2014). This is their most crucial function of all. Cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz, Euphorbiaceae, Dicotyledons) is the sixth most important crop after wheat, rice, maize, potato and barley and is the primary staple for more than 800 million people in the world, mostly in the poorest tropical countries. Postharvest priorities across the globe have evolved considerably over the past four decades, from being exclusively technical in their outlook, to being more responsive to consumer demand. Consumer-driven trends which have contributed to this shift include rising incomes in urban areas, changing dietary habits, more women in the work-place, reduced time for meal preparation and growing demand for safety, quality and convenience  (Rolle, 2006) . In pursuance to boost agricultural development in Benue State, postharvest losses must be managed; and to achieve this, the Tiv people developed different management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. The researchers did this until they arrive at the sample size of 680. Data were analyzed using mean and standard deviations. The collected data were analyzed using mean and standard deviation. What are the Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? This means that peeling the cassava, slicing it and sun drying known as Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), peeling the cassava, slicing, sun drying it and grinding into flour known as Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it and frying known as Gari Akom, slicing the cassava, sun drying and burning it into ashes known as Mtuhem (Base), peeling the cassava, fermenting, sieving and squeezing it into lumps known as Akpu, peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it, mixing with salt and other ingredients and frying with palm or groundnuts oil known as Kweesi or Akweesa Akom and peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing and sieving the starch and preparing it for food as Kamu Akom are the management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. In what ways does the public library impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? Table 2  shows the mean rating scores of all the items are below 2.50, which implies that the public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava through acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom (peeled, grated, squeezed and fried cassava), Mtuhem ma Akom (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom (Cassava Cake) and Kamu Akom (edible cassava starch). What are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? To answer the research question, data were collected relating to challenges faced by public libraries on acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. This implies that lack of adequate funding to facilitate acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on various aspects of indigenous knowledge, inadequate technical knowledge and skills of staffs, lack of adequate staffs, lack of Policy Statement on the acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv indigenous knowledge such as management of postharvest losses of cassava, and lack of initiative on the part of library management to make attempts to acquire and store audiovisual materials on various forms of indigenous knowledge are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. 1. Table 2 , findings of the study revealed that the public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava through acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom (peeled, grated, squeezed and fried cassava), Mtuhem ma Akom (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom (Cassava Cake) and Kamu Akom (edible cassava starch). 3. The research discovered that the Tiv people had various strategies they adopted in managing postharvest losses of cassava. However, the public library failed to acquire and store audiovisual materials on these management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava; information that would have been used for improving and reducing postharvest losses of cassava by farmers. Therefore, it was recommended that concerned policy makers should make policies that will allow public libraries to acquire store and preserve audiovisual materials on various indigenous knowledge for development to ensue; and for posterity. The study was carried out to investigate the impact of the public library through the storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv Management Strategies of Postharvest losses of Cassava for the Development of Agriculture in Benue State of Nigeria. The study found out that public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava through storage of audiovisual materials on the subject matter. Importantly, if public library has acquired and stored audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava, cassava farmers would have accessed these information materials to improve on various ways of managing postharvest losses of cassava in Benue State of Nigeria.
paper_298	The study investigated the awareness and use of library catalogue for accessing information resources by users of Federal University of Kashere (FUK) Library. The findings of the study revealed that majority of the respondents were aware of library catalogue existence; they were more informed about card catalogue usage than OPAC for retrieving information resources. The study recommended that the library management should organize a periodic user education, orientation and sensitization programmes for the undergraduate users to create awareness and enable them gain the needed skills to use the library catalogue maximally when searching for information resources. The university library goals and objectives are to provide adequate and relevant information resources both in print and online for university community to support teaching, learning and research (these for undergraduates students may refer to class work, assignments, research/project work, term papers, seminar presentation by providing relevant information and services provision for effective and efficient achievement of academic pursuit). University library provides well stocked information resources and trained personnel to organize available information materials and assist faculty members and student users in the retrieval and use of these resources. The library ensures that the resources acquired are well organized to allow easy access by the library users  [1] . The traditional goals and objectives of the library catalogue are to enable users to search a library's collection to find items pertaining to specific titles, authors, or subjects. Library catalogue is considered as an interface of information retrieval system which assists information searchers to access resources of libraries using several access points. Libraries were traditionally known to provide access to library information materials through card catalogues and book catalogue as the primary information locating tools. Again, awareness of the library catalogue is the ability of the students to have communication and consciousness of its essence, its retrieval technique as well as their relevance to the information user. Students' skills in search catalogue can be created through library tours, orientations, seminars, lectures, library staff, handbooks and use of library studies. The major importance is that they help library users to locate and retrieve the information materials they need  [5] . The purpose of using OPAC majority of the respondents 63.2% stated that they use OPAC to know the availability of required document. The studies of Oghenekaro found that users exhibit patterns of library catalogue usage, that education, experience and sophistication of library users determine the pattern or level of library catalogue use  [1] . Consequently, AmkpaandIman emphasized that the success or failure of students to locate resources in the library depends on the skill acquired though the library instruction progamme  [8] . Aguolu andAguolu observed that students use catalogue mostly for educational purposes and have really helped in conducting and disseminating information resources in the library  [10] . In essence, students use the catalogue to enable them conduct research in the library. While this is a welcome development, it is important to occasionally assess the effectiveness of the library catalogue especially from the users' point of view. It is on this note that this study investigates the use of library catalogue by undergraduate student in the university library. However, it is observed sometimes that the bibliographic tools that supposed to lead or guides user to the location of a particular item in the library are either found in adequate, misleading, totally not provided or somehow incomplete. Therefore, the study investigates the access and use of library catalogue by students of Federal University of Kashere, Gombe State. To find out the students awareness about library catalogue as access point to library collection. To find out methods employ by students to consult library catalogue to search for information resources. c. To ascertain the extent of use of the library catalogue by students to access information resources. Librarians in discharging their responsibilities should inform library users by communicating the availability of new technology and the way it operates to them. Table 2  revealed that majority of the respondents 262 (96.3%) were aware of the existence of the library catalogue in the university library. Awareness of access points to library collections are the most important factors influencing the success of the retrieval and utilization of library resources. The awareness of respondents would depend on the way the library informs their users about the use and functions of library catalogue revealing the available resources and its location in the library. This findings correspond with that of Oghenekaro on the "use of library catalogue in Nigerian University Libraries: A focus on Redeemer's University Library", that majority of respondents 225 (89.6%) were aware of the existence of catalogue in the library  [1] . In order to find out how respondents became aware of the library catalogue in the university library, options were provided in the questionnaire on the sources of library catalogue and they were asked to indicate the sources of their awareness. Table 5  reveals that 106 (40%) got their awareness through library staff, followed by those that knew it through the user education programme (GST) 88 (16%). The finding of the study reveals that the creation of awareness on use of catalogue through library orientation, university website and notice board is significantly low. This implies that majority of respondents became aware of information retrieval tools through library staff and user education programmes these are more formal sources of awareness about library catalogue function and use. The result proves that the management of the university library provides awareness opportunity to users for retrieval and utilization of information resources, except that they need to put more emphasis during library orientation to add to existing ones. Again, university website could be used to provide access to library resources especially e-resources, therefore library management need to make it as one of the major access points and retrieval of information resources. The finding of this study however revealed that the rate at which the respondents used the library catalogue regularly was very high. This agrees with the findings of Oghenekaro that 94 (37.5%) of the respondents used it for research purpose, 66 (26.3) used it for enquiry, while others used it for bibliographic record supply, document delivery and others  [1] . The respondents were given multiple options to indicate as many as applicable the challenges associated with the use of library catalogue in the university libraries. Again, the later challenge could be attributed to lack proper shelf reading by the library staff, which made users not to locate material indicated available in the library by the catalogue and not visible on its shelf. It is disturbing to discover from the study, that most of the respondents were aware of the card catalogues as access and retrieval tool for searching for information resources in the library. Considering the important roles library catalogue plays in effective and efficiency use of library information resources, the research recommends the following to improve the use of library catalogue for information access and retrieval: a. The library management should organize a periodic user education programmes for the undergraduate users. This will enable them gain the needed skills to use the library catalogue maximally when searching for information resources. b. Librarians should organize orientation and sensitization programmes that will create awareness, and encourage the university community to effectively use OPAC to ensure proper use of library information resources. d. Regular shelf reading should be done so as to establish right contact between library users and library materials and avoid misplacement or wrong shelving of information resources.
paper_305	Thesis 1 in the application of an ensemble learning algorithm in development of a computer program that can greatly enhance the underwriting process. The implementation was based on the java netbeans development platform to create an interface that was used to train a model and its subsequent use in predicting credit decisions. The results obtained proved that such a mechanism can be applied to augment manual credit appraising processes, especially where large volumes of applications are to be processed within limited timeframes. Therefore the screening of the customer's financial history as well as the ability to remain faithful to new financial obligations is a very significant factor before any credit decision is taken and it is a major step in reducing credit risk. We begin by highlighting the relevant base literature upon which the experiment was setup and the subsequent experimental setup and finally the results obtained with corresponding analysis and conclusion. After some experience, these officers develop their own experiential knowledge or intuition to judge the worthiness of a loan decision. Generally, loan application evaluations are based on a loan officers' subjective assessment. Further, the complexity of loan decision tools and variation between applications is an opportunity for the use of a machine learning tool to provide learning capability that does not exist in other technologies. Ensemble meta modeling techniques, are empirically some of the best machines learning tools applicable to financial risk analysis. The purpose of this study was to develop a loan decision system using the logistic regression Meta modeling algorithm -Logitboost around Java based open source software for the Kenya commercial banks. The general objectives of this study were to: 1) Implement the meta learning algorithm -LogitBoost to develop as system for evaluating credit applications to support loan decisions in Kenyan financial institutions 2) Outline some of the challenges of using the learning algorithm in the decision-making process for the banking industry in Kenya 3) Champion the applicability of Java as an open source software in business intelligence applications From time immemorial in the banking sector, banks have relied on the personal assessment of loan risks or on the traditional statistical methods to predict the default of loans instead of using a standardized evaluation tool. The study was limited to the implementation of the Lo-gitBoost meta learning algorithm for classification loan analysis. Further, the study considered a binary output from the classifier, hence dependent variable can only take on accept or reject values with an emphasis on the banking industry in Kenya; though the results can easily be generalized to institutions elsewhere. Although the classifier takes this into account through voting -in which those values that meet certain thresholds are promoted to either of the classification values, most of such incidences are minimal and can be handled through judgmental procedures by re-examining those peculiar cases and applying policies as laid out. The study has left such analysis to oversight procedures especially where the confidence level of the classifier does not meet a certain threshold. Loan approval is normally to accept applicants with low credit risk, whereas high risk applications are rejected. This calls for the use of more efficient and effective loan screening tools and procedures. However, judgmental inputs such as intuition, policy and information oversights cannot be completely eradicated. One of the earliest automated procedures uses statistical tools which have fallen short of the inherent challenge for today's commercial banks is their desire to understand large amounts of information and reveal useful knowledge to improve decision-making. Today, lenders are making increased use of new and innovative techniques -the key being data mining and machine learning to evaluate loan applications for business and financial prospects  [2, 3] . Further, ensemble learning algorithms -those that combine a number of base algorithms, through empirical reports typically lead to better results. This is a classification problem and can easily be implemented using a classification algorithm; the output of which is Boolean or multi-valued. Boosting works by sequentially applying a classification algorithm to reweighted versions of the training data and then taking a weighted majority vote of the sequence of classifiers thus produced  [4] [5] [6] . This is a specialized case of regression analysis over discrete or ordinal values; but basic regression-based learning algorithms have inherent disadvantages. Better algorithms that overcome these pitfalls have been developed and are collectively known as Discriminant Analysis (DA) techniques or simply Meta learning algorithms  [3] . One such algorithm that effectively addresses these issues is the LogitBoost Meta classifier -based on the log of the odds ratio for the dependent variable  [7, 8] . Although the model was reported to perform relatively better than models developed using other approaches; as part of the limitations and recommendation, they suggested that such a model is usually a black box and more insight the model parameters was required to make it more effective. The solution to the problem was an adaptation of ensemble machine learning strategies where a 'weak' classifier, commonly referred to as a base classifier was boosted through a series of adjustments through weighting and re-sampling to develop a better learner which was an additive aggregate of individual learners. The reported technique derives from the intuitive understanding that instead of putting all the effort on finding highly accurate base classifiers, it becomes sufficient or even desirable to use a set of weaker hypotheses. Resulting classifier is a simple threshold on a single feature a) Outputs a +1 if the attribute is above a certain threshold b) Outputs a -1 if the attribute is below the threshold A accept classification for a loan decision meant pointed to a successful application while a reject classification pointed to the alternative. It can be proven (as discussed here-under), that under the assumption that all individual classifiers have the same prediction rate and that the distribution of the data correctly classified by each base classifier is independent and random, this is the best possible strategy. The implementation detailed lay in the use of a logistic regression that models the posterior class probabilities Pr (G = k|X = x) for the K classes. Reweight the data vii. Separate data into fixed number of partitions (or folds) ii. Classify and obtain performance metrics. This strategy relies on two separate files, one for training and the other for testing. This strategy is similar to the use of two files as discussed earlier but relies on the learner to automatically partition a given data set into two given a split percentage Class =Accept: The number of correctly classified instances is 12 and that of instances classified as belong to the class is 13. This gives a precision value of 12/13=0.92 Class =Reject: The number of correctly classified instances is 7 and that of instances classified as belong to the class is 7. This gives a recall value of 12/12=1 Class =Reject: The number of correctly classified instances is 7 and the number of instances belonging to the class is 8. The ROC graph is a plot of two measures: Sensitivity: The probability of true classifications given true instances i.e. Three options were investigated for training the algorithm namely: a) The use of single file both for training and testing the model through stratified cross validation. This is a strategy where the training file was portioned into complementary data sets called the training set and the validation set. The model accuracy using this procedure was 86.86% making it a fairly reliable strategy b) The use of separate training and testing data sets returned an accuracy of 95% making it a relatively better strategy c) The use of a ratio to determine the size of the training and testing files from one data set returned an accuracy of 88.64% Therefore, it implies from these findings that the use of separate files for training and testing of the model returns the best model accuracy and hence should be adopted. The training and testing procedures can be done severally with different input parameters and file sizes to settle on the most effective set for different learning processes. A cost matrix can be fined as part of the training procedure that penalizes wrong classifications especially the true negatives for this study. Finally, as stated earlier in the introduction, it is not prudent to completely rely on an automated credit appraising as some cases might require subjective interpretation and personal judgment. As a conclusion, the reported work indeed confirmed that: 1) Machine learning procedures can be applied in financial modeling applications to augment manual underwriting techniques 2) These procedures can greatly improve the efficiency of such techniques because of their ability to handle large items of data generating very useful statistics 3) This work can be improved through the use of enhanced data set pre-processing procedures, the use of a cost matrix as well as parameter tuning to settle on the most effective set for various data mining requirements.
paper_310	We are now living in the 21 st century. This project describes how to control a robot using mobile through Bluetooth communication, some features about Bluetooth technology, components of the mobile and robot. We present a review of robots controlled by mobile phone via moving the robot upward, backward, left and right side by the android application such as Arduino, Bluetooth. Here we are using Bluetooth communication, interface microcontroller and android application. We are using Arduino software to interface the Bluetooth module with microcontroller. According to commands received from android the robot motion can be controlled. We derived simple solutions to provide a framework for building robots with very low cost but with high computation and sensing capabilities provided by the smart phone that is used as a control device. This paper represents android application based Bluetooth controlled robotic car. We interface the Bluetooth module with the system so that we can easily control the system by smart phone application. The project aims in designing a Robot that can be operated using Android mobile phone. The controlling of the Robot is done wirelessly through Android smart phone using the Bluetooth feature present in it. Here in the project the Android smart phone is used as a remote control for operating the Robot. Bluetooth module, DC motors are interfaced to the Microcontroller. The data received by the Bluetooth module from Android smart phone is fed as input to the controller. Our system aims to achieve the target to design a system that can provide following functionalities with a simple and easy-to-use interface: a) Develop an android application that will act as an remote of a robot. f) Hardware of this project consists of Arduino UNO, Bluetooth module and a motor driver IC. g) The Bluetooth module is connected with the Arduino UNO board for the connection with the user. h) Through the Bluetooth module for monitoring and controlling the particular motor reaches the board and process accordingly and the output of the Arduino goes to the motor driver IC and it controls the particular motor. The microcontroller is programmed with the help of the Embedded C programming. The Bluetooth module will act as an interface between Smartphone and microcontroller. We will be using HC-05 Bluetooth module for the system, which can be used as either receiver or transmitter. Generally our transmitter will be smart-phone and receiver will be Bluetooth module (  Figure  2 ). Bluetooth module will give the commands given by smart-phone to the microcontroller. It sends the data to microcontroller through Bluetooth module. The novelty lies in the simplicity of the design and functioning. In android application when we press a button, a corresponding signal is sent through the Bluetooth to Bluetooth module (HC-05) which is connected with the Arduino board. The working principle of the circuit has been elaborated with the help of a block diagram, of the system interconnection as shown in  Figure 6 . The DC power supple feeds the Microcontroller and the Bluetooth module. The Bluetooth module receives the signal sent from an android smart-phone, where the application software coded in C language is installed. The microcontroller, thereby, sends instructions, which when executed, helps in functioning of the motor driver. The Bluetooth module is connected with the Arduino UNO board for the connection with the user. Through the Bluetooth module for monitoring and controlling the particular motor reaches the board and process accordingly and the output of the Arduino goes to the motor driver IC and it controls the particular motor. When user sends any data to the Arduino board then the corresponding pin of Arduino goes to high state and switches the motor driver ic in the on mode. These commands help the microcontroller to interface with the Bluetooth module HC-05 and also with the motor driver IC L293D. Here the Bluetooth module act as a receiver which receives the instruction from the smart phone (remote or transmitter). The functions of the given instructions are operated by the microcontroller. When any input is given then the motors moves as per the preloaded functions in the microcontroller. The novelty lies in the fact that it is a cost-effective project with a simple and easy to use interface compared to existing ones.
paper_333	There are several issues and diseases which try to decline the yield with quality. This study presented a general process model to classify a given Enset leaf image as normal or infected. The strategy of K-fold stratified cross validation was used to enhance generalization of the model. Food security is a challenge in many developing countries like Ethiopia. Cheesman. Ethiopia is one of the grand producer of Enset in African continent countries. There are several issues and diseases which tries to decline the yield with quality. Particularly, diagnosis of potential diseases on Ethiopian banana is based on traditional ways and due to limited research attention given to Enset crop production. If the Enset crop diseases can be minimized then definitely the production will significantly be increased to contribute to the country's economy towards a new boost. Therefore, the implementation of IT based solution in the sector will have a paramount importance to facilitate the activities such as economic, social and ecologic development in the country by increasing efficiency in both quality and quantity of Enset crops production, to sustain dependability of customer preferences and to preserve the ecology  [2] . In our country few researchers found the promising solutions to different plant diseases diagnosis such as maize, rose flower, coffee and others using computer vision and machine learning techniques  [3, 4, 5] . In Section III, we present the architecture of proposed system. Section V presents the conclusion and discusses of future works. The occurrence, distribution and the incidence level also indicated to vary from one Enset-growing locality to the other. In this work, disease identification was done by using characteristics of Enset plant. The feature of normal and diseased Enset image features was extracted to train kernel support vector machine. Figure 2  shows the architecture of the proposed system A. Dataset Partitioning The images of the dataset are collected from different parts of southern Ethiopia. B. We designed a system which can detect Enset disease automatically and this will help the farmers to detect the diseases in its early stage and to take relevant action. It is a good option to use other machine learning techniques like Artificial Neural network and the hybrids of the other learning algorithms.
paper_389	This paper systematically describes the definition, model structure, parameter estimation and corpus selection of the conditional random field model, and applies the conditional random field to the Chinese word segmentation and the Chinese word segmentation method. Experiments on the corpus show that the introduction of the word position probability feature has improved the accuracy, recall and the value of Fl. The so-called Chinese word segmentation, is the process of word segmentation as each Chinese character classification process, by marking each character in the sentence to segmentation. For example, Xue N divides Chinese characters into four categories according to their different positions in Chinese words, and then divides them into Chinese characters by using the maximum entropy model. Peng F establishes a Chinese character segmentation model based on CRF. Zhou J built a hybrid method of Chinese word segmentation around CRF model. Common Chinese character tagging method is based on the Chinese characters appear in the words of different locations marked different labels. For example, "O" can be used to represent individual Chinese characters, "B" means Chinese characters appear in the head, "I" means Chinese characters appear in the middle or the end of the word. So the word segmentation problem is transformed into a pure sequence data labeling problem, you can use a lot of sequence tag algorithm for word segmentation. Therefore, Chinese word segmentation method has become a frequently used method to study word segmentation. Figure 1  is an example of the use of Chinese characters marked word segmentation. According to the meaning of "O", "B" and "I", the rules are summarized as follows: 1, the sentence of the first Chinese character tag can not be I, the last character of the mark can not be B. Finally, according to the mark of each Chinese character, the mark result is "OOBIO", so the result is "这 / 是 / 武汉 /." As mentioned earlier, the CRF makes it easy to add any feature in the observed sequence to the model, so that not only the transfer and emission characteristics of the traditional HMM sequence model can be incorporated into the model, but also some other The feature information associated with the observation sequence or with the language itself is added to the model. The feature template in  Table 2  is a classification of Chinese characters, the template well dealing with numbers, letters and punctuation marks such as error-prone not logged in the above table, the  Table 1 feature  template is a basic feature template, Use word-based. In this paper, CRF automatic word segmentation experiments, the use of features include the following two: a single word characteristic: a position on the word characteristics. CRF word segmentation system is a word segmentation system based on conditional random field, and the Chinese word segmentation method is adopted. Then the training corpus is trained to generate a CRF model, and some training parameters such as iteration number are added in the training process. Using the CRF model generated by the training, the test corpus is tested and a prediction result is obtained. The performance of a word segmentation system mainly depends on two aspects: segmentation precision and word segmentation speed. The performance of Chinese automatic word segmentation is evaluated by the following three indexes: correct rate (P), recall rate (R) and F value. Where, P refers to the accuracy of word segmentation; R refers to the word recall rate; F value refers to the P and R integrated value. CRF The word segmentation system is a word segmentation system based on the conditional random field, and uses the feature template one, the feature template two and the feature template three. Moreover, since the word position probability feature is extracted completely from the training corpus, some of the participle criterion information of the corpus is extracted to a certain extent, so that when the test set is tested, Corpus. This chapter first briefly introduces the CRF tools, experiment corpus and standard of experimental evaluation in Chinese word segmentation experiments. As the Yangtze River Daily corpus is from the newspaper news, for the news corpus in the special format, such as title, poetry, weather forecasting, etc., to our model training has a certain impact, so if the corpus in the handling of these disturbances, Our model should have better performance.
paper_391	Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. Globally, tetanus is responsible for 5% of maternal deaths and 14% of neonatal deaths annually. Data mining is the process of discovering interesting patterns and knowledge from large amounts of data. In the cross-validation with 10 folds, correctly classified best are by naïve Bayesian 63.30% and the least accurate were by k-nearest neighbor 60.52%. The maximum confidence attained in the general association is 0.98. But, in the class attribute, it is 0.72. The literacy status of the mother has high information gain with the value 0.046. As a conclusion, the best algorithm based on the TT vaccination data is multilayer perceptron classifier with an accuracy of 67.28% and the total time taken to build the model is at 0.01 seconds. Multilayer perceptron classifier has the lowest average error at 32.72% compared to others. These results suggest that among the machine learning algorithm tested, multilayer perceptron classifier has the potential to significantly improve the conventional classification methods for use in EDHS data of Tetanus toxoid. Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. And the major cause of early infant deaths in many developing countries is often due to failure to observe hygienic procedures during delivery. Infection is acquired through environmental exposure of any broken skin or dead tissue such as a wound or when the umbilical cord is cut to the spores of the bacteria. Globally tetanus is responsible for 5% of maternal deaths and 14% of neonatal deaths annually, accounting for up to 25% neonate's death in some African countries  [3] [4] [5] . As of December 2012, maternal and neonatal tetanus persist as a public health problem in 30 countries, mainly in Africa and Asia  [2] . However, until now maternal and neonatal tetanus persist as public health problems in 36 countries, mainly in Africa and Asia. Five doses of TT can ensure protection throughout the reproductive years and even longer. Data mining is the process of discovering interesting patterns and knowledge from large amounts of data. The main objective of this project was to identify the best classifier, and to predict the pattern from the TT data set using the data mining algorithms and tools for tetanus toxoid vaccination and to connect the technical field public health and medical field to serve the community. This problem caused the loss of time and effort in the healthcare system environment and spending lots of efforts and costs without having evidence-based information for planning and intervention. Applying data mining, used for the discovery of hidden but useful knowledge from EDHS 2011 dataset. This process must have a model to control its execution steps. In this tool we have been applied different classification algorithms, clustering and predict a useful result that will be very helpful for the health care planner, new users, and new researchers. This data processed and arranged for the purposes of training and testing. The approaches are; (a). And the topmost node in a tree is the root node. [8, 9]  (b). In this way, all the training tuples are stored in an m-dimensional pattern space. (c). (d). Multilayer preceptor Multilayer preceptor is a simple two-layer neural network classifier with no hidden layers. There are four additional terms we need to know that are the "building blocks" used in computing many evaluation measures. True Training and testing are performed k times. Most of the clustering algorithms require the users to input the number of clusters they desire  [12] . Thus, in this study, we have used five clusters. The k-means algorithm then iteratively boost the within-cluster variation. For each cluster, it computes the new center using the objects assigned to the cluster in the previous iteration. A multilayer perceptron is the best classifier in our data set. Using evaluation with cross-validation (10 folds) correctly classified best are by naïve Bayesian 63.30% and the least accurate were by K-nearest neighbor 60.52%. Briefly described as follows: Cluster 0-This group have 1534 (27%) instances of which consist of mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Oromo in ethnic, literacy status unable to read mothers, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 15-24, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 1-This group consists of 1004 (18%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, access to TV yes, orthodox in religion, Oromo in ethnic, literacy status unable to read mothers, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 15-24, mother marital status married, head of household male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 2-This group consists of 2063 (37%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated No. Cluster 3-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 4-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Amhara in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 35-49, mother marital status married, hh_head Female, tt-vaccinated yes. As explained in the    The literacy status of the mother has high information gain (0.046) and followed by the literacy status of the mother (0.041) and the least information gained was head of household (0.00000147). (Figure 3 ) Our work extends to utilize the implementation of the dataset for data mining tool present in all sections to achieve a better rate of accuracy and improve the efficiency when analyzing the large dataset. As a conclusion, the best algorithm based on the TT vaccination data is multilayer perceptron classifier with an accuracy of 67.28% and the total time taken to build the model is at 0.01 seconds. Multilayer perceptron classifier has the lowest average error at 32.72% compared to others.
paper_402	The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete. The steps that were are followed in developing a robust and accurate numerical model using SFS include (1) design and validation of ANN model by manipulating the number of neurons and hidden layers; (2) execution of SFS using ANN as a wrapper; and (3) analysis of selected features using both ANN and nonlinear regression. The need for soft computing tools and models for the prediction of behavioural properties of engineering components, systems and materials is continuously rising. ANN emerged as one of soft computing paradigms that have been successfully applied in several engineering fields  [1] . The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete  [14] [15] [16] [17] . [24] . This will reduce the amount of parameters in the model, which will improve the computation complexity of the ANN model and simplify the derivation strategies of a mathematical model used to predict the compressive strength of UHPC. Four sets of open human motion data and two types of machine learning algorithms were used. [30]  used SFS when tackling ground water quality problems, where 20 datasets of parameters were extracted from a GIS database. Four types of machine learning algorithms were used as wrappers for the SFS. The steps that were are followed in developing a robust and accurate numerical model using SFS include (1) design and validation of ANN model by manipulating the number of neurons and hidden layers; (2) execution of SFS using ANN as a wrapper; and (3) analysis of selected features using both ANN and nonlinear regression. There are two types of ANN models: (1) feed forward; and (2) feed backward. The input neurons are responsible for containing the independent parameter presented by the user, the wires represent the randomly generated matrices called weights that manipulate the function's slope or steepness, the hidden neurons map the weights variables using an activation function, and the bias units control the output function's shift, either upward or downward. There are two types of search algorithms: sequential forward selection and sequential backward selection. Figure 2  shows the plot of all the scenarios with the minimum point circled at 11 neurons. Therefore, 11 neurons is, approximately, the number of neurons that is sufficient enough for BPNN to facilitate an accurate ANN model for the collected dataset. The SFS algorithm was run 200 times to capture all possible combinations of independent features when using ANN. Table 2  tabulates the percentage of features that were used during the 200 trials. Based on the results of these trials, the most abundant combination during the SFS analysis, within a 20% threshold, was selected as the important parameters that contribute mostly in the model. In this study, four variables (Cement, Sillica Fume, Flyash, and Water) were selected as the most relevant features for the prediction model. Figure 3 It was observed that the r 2 and NMSE before and after selection yielded 81.6% and 99.1%, respectively, and 0.0594 and 0.026, respectively. As a result, the ANN model with the relevant features was capable of predicting 89.6% of its values within the aforementioned boundaries, as opposed to the ANN model with all the features which predicted 58.7% of its values within the boundaries. Table 4  shows the coefficient values, with their corresponding symbols, for each UHPC constituent with the statistical measurements of the LSR model. fc = θ1C + θ2SI + θ3FA + θ4W (2) It is observed from  Figure 6  that there is noticeable increase in the compressive strength of UHPC with the increase in Flay Ash and more noticeable with the increase in Silica Fume. It can be concluded from this study that: 1) The use of ANN with SFS reduced the number of input parameters needed to accurately predict the compressive strength of UHPC mix for the prediction of compressive strength, making it less computationally expensive. 2) The use of ANN with selected input parameters improved the accuracy of prediction of compressive strength of UHPC and reduced the computational effort. The correlation coefficient (r 2 ) before and after the use of SFS improved from 81.6% to 99.1% while the NMSE improved from 0.0594 to 0.026, respectively. 3) The ANN model with the selected relevant input parameters also showed a lower deviation (89.6 %) than the ANN model with all the features (58.7%). 4) LSR was implemented using the selected input parameters to develop an analytical model that can be used to accurately predict the compressive strength of UHPC.
paper_418	This paper examined the challenges in choosing between additive and mixed models in time series decomposition. Table 1 shows that the column variances of Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model but depends on slope and seasonal effects for mixed model. Results show that seasonal variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model and a function of slope and seasonal effects for mixed model. Also, when there is no trend (b=0), the estimates of row, column and overall means are the same for the two models while the estimates of seasonal indices are not the same for both additive and mixed models. The decomposition models are Additive model: formula_0 Multiplicative model: formula_1 Mixed model: formula_2 where t M is the trend-cycle component, t S is the seasonal component and t e is the error. On the other hand, the appropriate model is multiplicative when the seasonal standard deviations show appreciable increase/decrease relative to any increase /decrease in the seasonal means. The additive model was adopted when the magnitude of the seasonal pattern does not change as the series goes up and down while the additive model was adopted when the magnitude of the seasonal pattern does not change as the series goes up and down  [5] . The emphasis is to compare the row, column and overall means and variances of the Buys-Ballot table for additive and mixed model when trend-cycle component of time series is linear. Iwueze and Akpanta  [6]  pointed out that an additive model is appropriate when the seasonal standard deviations show no appreciable increase or decrease relative to any increase or decrease in the seasonal means while a multiplicative model is usually appropriate when the seasonal standard deviations show appreciable increase/decrease relative to any increase or decrease in the seasonal means. Linde  [7]  observed that, the differences between the Additive and Multiplicative and the models are (i) for the additive model, the seasonal variation is independent of the absolute level of the time series, but it takes approximately the same magnitude each year while in the multiplicative model, the seasonal variation takes the same relative magnitude each year. The amplitude of the seasonal factor varies with the level of the time series; also for additive model, the seasonal component is the same (roughly constant) in the same period over different years. Iwueze and Nwogu  [10]  observed that when the trend-cycle component is linear, the column variances of the Buys-Ballot table are constant for the additive model, but contain the seasonal component for the multiplicative model. They pointed out that any of the tests for constant variance can be used to identify a series that admits the additive model. For additive and mixed models, 1 (a) The row means mimic the shape of the trending parameters and do not contain the seasonal effect for the additive model. 2 (a) The column means mimic the shape of the trending parameters and contain seasonal indices for additive model. (b) For mixed model, the column means mimic the shape of the trending curves of the original series and contain the seasonal indices. The row and overall variances contain both trending parameters and seasonal indices for additive and mixed models. The column variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model, but a function of slope and seasonal indices for the mixed model. These properties of row, column and overall averages and variances of the Buys-Ballot table are what could be used for estimation and assessment of trend parameters, estimation and assessment of seasonal indices and choice of the appropriate for time series decomposition. (b=0), the estimates of row, column and overall means are the same for the two models while the estimates of seasonal indices are not the same for both additive and mixed models. The expressing of a linear trend and seasonal indices for an additive model is given as This paper has discussed the Buys-Ballot procedure for comparing the row, column and overall means and variances of the Buys-Ballot table for additive and mixed models in time series decomposition when trend-cycle component is linear. Results show that seasonal variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model and a function of slope and seasonal effects for mixed model. Also, when there is no trend ( ) 0 b = , the estimates of row, column and overall means are the same for the two models while the estimates of seasonal indices are not the same for both additive and mixed models.
paper_428	The present article examines the influence of thermal radiation on two-dimensional incompressible magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) mixed convective heat transfer flow of Williamson fluid flowing past a porous wedge. An adequate similarity transformation is adopted to reduce the fundamental boundary layer partial differential equations of Williamson fluid model in to a set of non-linear ordinary differential equations. In Non-Newtonian fluids, the most frequently encountered fluids are pseudoplastic fluids, and Navier-stokes equations alone are insufficient to describe the rheological properties of these fluids, therefore, to overcome this defect, several rheological model like Ellis model, Power law model, Carreaus model and Cross model are presented, but little attention has been compensated to the Williamson fluid model and estimated to explain the rheological properties of pseudoplastic fluids. Williamson analyzed the flow of pseudoplastic materials and presented model to described the behavior of pseudoplastic material and explain convenient importance of plastic flows, and also recognized that viscous flows are very varied from plastic flows  [1] . Hayat et al. attained both numerical and analytical solutions of Williamson fluid transport through stretching surface subject to joule heating, and they observed that both methods have great argument with all parameters of flow  [7] . studied the peristaltic motion of non-Newtonian fluid through asymmetric channels along porous wall by means of various phase and amplitude, and also studied the manipulation of different wave structures on the fluid flow model  [8] . By considering the approximation of long wave length and small Reynolds number the peristaltic pumping of Williamson fluid in a planar channel was investigated by Vasudev et al. Nadeem et al. Khan et al. Hayat et al. Jabar addressed the influence of viscous dissipation and joule heating on MHD flow through a stratified sheet subjected to power Law Heat Flux having heat source  [22] . Merkin et al. studied both forced and natural convection boundary layer transport by perpendicular surface in a stratified medium along connective boundary conditions  [34] . By utilizing Killer box technique numerical solutions of problem of mixed convection axisymmetric flow of air with variable physical properties was obtained by Ramarozara  [36] . Bau investigated the thermal convection in a saturated stratified medium bounded between two parallel eccentric cylinders with the help of a regular perturbation expansion along Daarcy-Rayleigh number; it was observed that the appropriate preference of eccentricity values can maximize the heat transfer inside annulus of various thermal insulators  [37] . Jafari et al. Bég et al. Ferdows & Liu obtained the similarity solutions of mixed convection heat convey in parallel surface with internal heat production  [44] . Malleswaran & Sivasankaran carried an analysis for mixed convection flow and noticed that the average heat transfer decreases with an increase in Richardson number but in general heat transfer is better at force convection mode than free convection mode  [45] . Ashraf et al. studied boundary layer flow of fluid in a porous wedge subject to Newtonian heating along heat generation or absorption  [69] . Figures (1-2)  illustrate the influence of wedge angle parameter < with on velocity and temperature profile. It is observed that velocity increases by increasing the wedge angle parameter < , but the thermal boundary layer thickness is decreased. Figure 3  displays the velocity profile for various values of the magnetic parameter M, the ratio of electromagnetic force to the viscous force that quantifies the intensity of applied magnetic field. Figure 6  drafts the non-dimensional velocity E′ for different values of suction parameter E 6 . Figures 7-8  illustrate the behavior of thermal radiation and Prandtl number on fluid flow region with M= E 6 = O = < =1. Because the prandtl number is the relation of momentum diffusivity to thermal diffusivity, when it increases then it decreases the thermal boundary layer thickness and temperature but increases thermal capacity of fluid. Generally prandtl number is applicable in heat transform problem in order to decrease the thickness of the boundary layer and momentum. The steady, incompressible two dimensional boundary layer flow of Williamson fluid past a porous wedge is analyzed numerically using the 5 th order Fehlberg technique.
paper_432	This paper aims to study the Cotangent Bundles Hamiltonian Tubes theorem and its applications in reduction theory. And found some results; The theory of reduction of cotangent bundles developed playing an important role in solution of the general problem for reduction a single or bit type cotangent bundles for base manifolds, possibility study of Hamiltonian tubes when the simplistic manifolds is a cotangent bundles, in the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models. The Cotangent Bundles * of manifold d provides the basic model of a symplectic manifold. The Cotangent Bundle * is a smooth manifold itself, whose dimension is 2 . The total space of a cotangent bundles naturally has the structure of a symplectic manifold. Let be dimensional differentiable manifold of class ∞ and * the cotangent bundles over . Then the Cotangent Bundle has a dual space * . Time -dependent smooth Hamiltonian on Τ * , the cotangent bundles of . We can introduce the Legendre transformation we need some basic facts about the structure of the cotangent bundles * of a nd dimensional differentiable manifold . Given any , manifold , of dimensionn, with -. 1, for any 0 ∈ , the tangent space at 0, denoted , is the space of linear derivations on 1 2, , that vanish on 3 2, , . Thus,T 5 M can be identified with (1 2, , /3 2, , )* the space formula_0 , is called the cotangent space at 0; it is isomorphic to the dual * , of M . The Cotangent Space T 5 * (M) of a manifold at 0 ∈ is defined as the dual vector space to the tangent spaceT 5 M. A dual vector space is defined as follow ∶ given an − dimensional vector space G, with basis H , I=1, 2, 3,…, , the basis J = of the dual space G * is determined by the inner product. The Cotangent Bundle Τ * contains the following classes of Lagrangian submanifolds; The fibers of Τ * . Let ∈ and let I; T { * Q → Τ * be the natural inclusion mapping. Let (H, |,`, 0) be a locally trivial fiber space whose total space and base space are path -connected and & a pathconnected topological space. For the mapping.∅: & → | to have a lift ‹ satisfying the condition ( ‚ ) =J ‚ , where ‚ ∈ &,J ‚ ∈ H, 0 (J ‚ ) =d 0 =( ‚ ), it is necessary that∅ (π n (&, ‚ )) ⊆0 (a n (H,J ‚ )) (3. Proof: If such a lift ‹ exists, then diagram is Commutative. A , principal bundles is a quintuple (0, , , R , where: 0 V →0 is a , right at action with the property of local triviality: Each point e ∈ has an open neighborhood for which there exists a , -diffeomorphism. (n, ) = ( nℎ -1 , ℎ. It is a smooth manifold; in fact × °→ / is the fiber bundles associated with the principal bundles → / via the H on S. The left multiplication commutes with the twist and descends to a smooth on G × °, namely n`. A tube for the action at ± is a −equivariant diffeomorphism from some twisted product × ° to onopen neighborhood of ±in , that maps [J, 0] H to ±. In this part we study the symplectic geometry of cotangent -lifted action induced by a smooth proper action of a Lie group on a smooth manifold. The first work studying symplectic normal forms in the specific case of cotangent bundles. The symplectic reduction of the cotangent bundles * Q has more structure than a symplectic manifold. In this we recall the results that characterize the reduced space as a subset of a certain cotangent bundles. Let act freely and properly by cotangent lifts on * Q, and let Jbe the momentum map of the G action (with respect to the canonical symplectic form on * Q. Leta ³ : → / is projection. Then ∅isc , invariant surjective submersion and descends to a symplectic homeomorphic. The first result of the theory in cotangent bundles reduction, the theory developed for the problem with a single or bit type playing an important role in the solution to the general problem of a singular cotangent bundles reduction for base manifolds, Hamiltonian tubes when the symplectic manifolds is a cotangent bundles, in the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models and the first work studying symplectic normal forms in the specific case of cotangent bundles. Conclude that the theory of reduction of cotangent bundles developed playing an important role in solution of the general problem for reduction a single or bit type cotangent bundles for base manifolds and found that the phase space is the cotangent bundle T * Q of a configuration space .
paper_444	Resource constrained project scheduling problem is to make a schedule for minimizing of the completion time or total cost subject to precedence rules and resource constraints. Traditional resource constrained project scheduling problem research takes into account achieve management goal in certain environment. In this paper, for better described the uncertain resource constrained project scheduling problem, we firstly consider the uncertain resource availability project scheduling problem based on uncertainty theory. To meet the manger goals, it is assumed that the increased quantities of resource are uncertain variables and the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. The goals of the model are to minimize the completion time and the total cost which composed by the activity cost and the additional resource cost. One of the constraints is the finish-start precedence relationship among the project activities. The resource constrained project scheduling problem (RCPSP) takes into account the balance of makespan and total cost through resource allocation and reasonable activity schedules while the precedence constrains between the activities and resource constrains are all satisfied. In this case, many scholars begin to consider the uncertain resource constrained project scheduling problem. Ying  [8]  proposed a schedule model of flexible work-hour constraint, in which the human resource was dealt with a new constraint to the classical RCPSP and the increased quantities of human resource were real-value variables. Xie  [9]  supposed that the increased quantities of resource were real-value variables, and built a multi-mode resource constrained project scheduling model for minimizing both the project makespan and cost. Its goal was minimizing the expected weighted sum of the absolute deviations between the planned and the actually realized activity starting times. Its constrains were the resource and priority rules. Liu  [13]  firstly established an uncertain project scheduling model, aiming to minimize the total cost under the constraint that the completion time does not exceed the deadline. Ma  [15]  considered resource constrained project scheduling problem with uncertain durations, and an uncertain excepted value model was built with the objective was to minimize the completion time. In this paper, we consider uncertain resource availability project scheduling problem based on uncertainty theory, in which the increased quantities of resource are uncertain variables, and the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. Then, we build a multi-objective model which is under resource and precedence rule constrained to minimize the resource cost and the project completion time. In order to solve the problem of time-cost trade-off in project scheduling, we consider a project which is described as an activity-on-the-node network ( , ) , where = {1, 2, ⋯ , } is the set of activities and is the set of pairs of activities with precedence relations. A multi-objective programming model is built under the resource restricts and precedence rules of activities constrains in order to balance the completion time and the total cost of the project. The uncertain resource constrained time-cost trade-off problem can be described as following optimization model: formula_0 In the above model, objective ○ 1 is to minimize the project total completion time; Objective ○ 2 is to minimize the expected project total cost which consists of the activity cost and the additional resource cost. Constraint ○ 3 declares that finish-start precedence relation among project activities. Constraint ○ 5 illustrates the total cost of project has two pasts. The one is original resources cost determined by resource employ. [16]  Let G be an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution H. If the excepted value exists, then +IGJ = K Φ MA (<) A = <. (2) For instance, let G be a linear uncertain variable, it has inverse uncertainty distribution H MA = (1 − <)N + <O. If the function Q(R A , R P , ⋯ , R ) ) is strictly increase with respect to R A , R P , ⋯ , R S and strictly decreaseing with respect to R STA , R STP , ⋯ , R ) , then formula_2 holds if and only if formula_3 To solve the model (1), according to the operational law of uncertain variables, we transformed it into its equivalent form, as shown below. By Theorem 2, we have ∑ ∈8 9 − − Φ MA (1 − <) ≤ 0，  (12)  i.e. The duration time, cost and resource requirement of activities are presented in  Table 1 . The goals of project are both completion time minimization and expected total cost minimization. In the real-life project, due to the influence of uncertain environment, managers should consider the trade-off between the completion time and cost. By describing the increased quantities of resource as uncertain variables, an uncertain resource constrained project scheduling problem is discussed in this paper. Then an uncertain optimal model was built with objective of minimizing the completion time and the cost with resource constrained based on uncertainty theory.
paper_462	To deepen the reform of clinical medical personnel training in an all-round way with the cooperation of medicine and education is the strategic adjustment direction of clinical postgraduate education in China. Through improving the conditions of enrollment, innovating the training mode, adjusting the award marks and improving the system guarantee, it has effectively constructed the professional degree education of master of clinical medicine and standardized resident training. Since the implementation of the new training mode, the quality of postgraduate training has been significantly improved, the employment rate of graduates has been steadily improved, the influence of the school has been expanded, and the experience for relevant units to carry out the reform of postgraduate training mode of clinical medicine master's degree has also been provided for reference. In view of the main problems existing in clinical master education, the school has carried out a series of reforms and explorations on the organic link between clinical master education and standardized resident training (hereinafter referred to as standard training). The development of postgraduate education of clinical medicine degree in China is faced with the characteristics of short time, complex training objects, multiple administrative departments involved in medical degree education, and diversified training channels  [2] . How to reform the training mode of clinical master, improve the quality of training, and bring up a large number of high-level applied medical talents is the main problem for graduate educators. The reform of training mode for clinical master of Chongqing Medical University is premised on defining training objectives, based on innovative training mode, with improving training quality as the core and linking up with professional qualification as the grasp  [4] . The system reform of training mode for clinical master of Medical University has effectively solved the problem of insufficient practical ability of clinical master, and has realized the degree education and professional qualification recognition of clinical medicine specialty. To vigorously develop professional degree postgraduate education and improve the quality of training high-level applied talents is the focus of the current degree and postgraduate education work. The school accurately grasps the law of professional degree postgraduate education, changes the concept of professional degree postgraduate education, and orientates the training purpose of clinical master as "training doctors who can really see a doctor", aiming to improve the clinical practice ability of postgraduates as the main objective, and is in line with the training goal, thus laying a solid foundation for the organic connection between the two. First, after one year's clinical training in the tertiary and first-class affiliated hospitals of the school, the clinical master who has not obtained the license of a licensed doctor is allowed to apply for the qualification examination of a licensed doctor, which solves the contradiction that the clinical master cannot obtain the license of a licensed doctor during the period of study  [5] . The above policy support ensures that our clinical master can fully participate in clinical practice skills training and ensure the quality of training. Under the above policy guarantee, the clinical master trained by the school has the dual status of postgraduate and regular trainee. In order to effectively improve the quality of clinical master training and strengthen the management of clinical rotation process, the school has set up postgraduate management offices in clinical colleges, implemented the system of professional degree tutorial group, and established three-level management systems of schools (graduate schools), departments (graduate management offices) and clinical departments (tutorial groups)  [6] . The Graduate Management Department of the Department organically integrates the training of clinical master's degree, the training of seven-year students' master's degree, and the application of resident doctors for master's degree related to the work of degree award, and arranges the clinical training and clinical competence assessment of clinical master's degree as a whole. The tutorial responsibility system is applied in postgraduate training, but after clinical master's enters the clinical rotation, many times are not in the Department where the tutor is located, and there is a problem that no one manages the professional degree students when they rotate in the clinical departments outside the department  [7] . To ensure the quality of clinical master's training, the school has set up a guidance group composed of the first tutor and rotating responsibility tutor. Each clinical rotating Department of postgraduate clinical rotation appoints a teacher qualified as a professional master's tutor as rotating responsibility tutor to ensure that clinical master's is in clinical rotation. In order to consolidate the reform results of the training mode of clinical master, gradually standardize the management system and continuously improve the quality of training, the school continuously improves the rules and systems around the education of clinical master, covering the methods of re-examination admission, the quantitative assessment of the selection of tutors, the training program, the tutor group system, the curriculum, the professional course examination, the assessment of clinical ability, the regulation of publishing papers, the management of research funds and institutions  [8] . In terms of setting up, a complete system of management rules for clinical master's degree has been established, and the experience of reform has been standardized and institutionalized, thus forming a long-term mechanism for linking professional degree education with professional qualification certification. Through the above measures, the problem of low enthusiasm of faculties and tutors in guiding graduate students with professional degrees has been solved, and the construction of professional degree tutors has been accelerated. In view of the fact that the subsidy of clinical master is much lower than that of regular trainees during the clinical rotation period, the school has made many investigations and repeated demonstrations to improve the treatment of Postgraduates during the clinical rotation period and to improve the enthusiasm of students in clinical training  [10] . Aiming at the characteristics of professional degree postgraduate education and adapting to the innovation of its training mode, the school has established a funding system different from academic degree postgraduates, and continuously improves the standards and coverage of grants. Postgraduates with licensed doctor qualification and independent bed management are awarded 500 yuan in schools and hospitals, 500-1000 yuan in departments and tutors, and 2000-3000 yuan in living allowance per month for each clinical master. Therefore, the school has improved the conditions for applying for clinical master's examination, so that it is consistent with the admission conditions of residents' standardized training: undergraduate majors should be clinical medicine, full-time national education series undergraduate graduates, to obtain bachelor's degree. After the admission of clinical master, the school will submit the list to Chongqing Municipal Health Bureau, and register it to Chongqing Municipal Health Bureau resident standardized training registration system without test. Our school has made corresponding reforms in the curriculum system of clinical master's degree. The reformed curriculum system not only meets the training objectives of clinical master, but also meets the requirements of theoretical knowledge for trainees. Secondly, the curriculum of Master of Clinical Science is adapted to the requirement of training students' theoretical knowledge and foreign language. Thirdly, according to the requirements of standardized resident training, and with the cooperation of training bases, starting from medical ethics, medical ethics, laws and regulations, professional ethics and basic clinical skills, we will offer lectures on medical law, applied psychology, humanistic literacy and doctor-patient communication to comprehensively improve the comprehensive quality of clinical master. The secondary clinical colleges are responsible for both the health bureau, the training of residents and the school, and the training of postgraduates with professional degrees. According to whether the students have obtained the certificate of licensed physician, they are divided into two levels, and different awarding standards are formulated. The rotation requirement not only meets the requirements of the state for clinical master, but also closely combines with the regular training. The second stage is the directional training of clinical competence in the Department for one and a half years, requiring students to serve as 24-hour resident for not less than 6 months, with a total time of not less than 33 months, which conforms to the regulations  [12] . For non-graduate students, we adopt the "fill-in" training method, that is, accurately record the clinical rotation time of clinical master, and add up the previous training time to meet the requirements of training time. System for Clinical Ability Clinical competence is the core of clinical master training. School research and explore more rigorous clinical training and assessment methods. The Interim Measures for the Implementation of the Regulations on Academic Degrees of the People's Republic of China promulgated in 1981 stipulates that before the postgraduate's reply, the degree-granting unit shall employ one or two experts from the disciplines concerned with the thesis to review the thesis. Postgraduates can devote all their energy and time to clinical ability training. The school regularly carries out the training of tutors and managers, explaining in detail the strategic development direction of national postgraduate education and the related policies of clinical master's education in our school. The staff of the Graduate Management Department of the school conducted a thorough investigation on the effect, problems and suggestions of the reform of the training mode of clinical master in various clinical colleges and departments, and organized a meeting to solve some common problems. All tutors working in clinical departments must enroll professional degree postgraduates. Fourth, direct link the workload of tutors' guidance to professional degree postgraduates with the promotion of their professional titles, so as to improve the enthusiasm of tutors' guidance to professional degree postgraduates. There are three difficult problems in the training process of master's degree postgraduates of clinical medicine specialty: first, the graduates of clinical medicine specialty with bachelor's degree must work in medical institutions for one year before they can apply for the qualification of practicing physician; second, the graduates with bachelor's degree can't obtain the qualification certificate of practicing physician and can't carry out clinical training; third, some of the graduates with bachelor's degree must work in medical institutions for one year. By promoting the combination of clinical master training and regular training, the problem of clinical master qualification certification has been solved, and a new "5 + 3" training mode has been constructed. The school has thoroughly reformed the training mode of clinical master, organically docked school education with post-graduation education and lifelong education, promoted the seamless docking of professional degree education with industry access standards, accelerated the internationalization process of higher medical personnel training mode, and formed a new systematic training mode for clinical doctors, which has great application value in the whole country. In view of the characteristics of professional degree postgraduate education, the school grasps the development trend of postgraduate education, and closely combines the admission criteria with the industry admission criteria in all aspects of enrollment, cultivation and award of posts, which ensures the complete docking of personnel training and qualifications, and provides mature experience for the seamless docking of professional degree education and Industry admission criteria in China. The school has set up a clinical medical degree supervision group, which is specially responsible for the supervision of the training process of clinical master's degree. Secondary colleges have set up a special post-graduate management office to coordinate the implementation of the reform of the training mode of their departments. It has overcome many obstacles and steadfastly promoted the reform. It has basically realized the seamless connection between the degree education of clinical medicine specialty and the certification of professional qualification. Since the implementation of the reform of the training mode of clinical master, the combination of degree education and vocational education in our school has become closer. Since the reform of training mode, the enrollment of clinical masters in our university has been increasing rapidly. The establishment of "two sets of systems", namely curriculum system and assessment system, has solved the problem of insufficient clinical practice ability of master of clinical medicine and improved the overall quality of training. It has solved the difficult problem of registering for medical examination for master of clinical medicine in our university and effectively connected the training of master of clinical medicine with the regular training of master of clinical medicine. Chongqing Medical University combines many years of clinical master's education practice, highlights its own characteristics, gives full play to the advantages of running a school, and strives to solve the problem of linking professional degree education with vocational qualification certification. The unit pays attention to the degree education of clinical medicine specialty, strengthens the exchange study, improves the quality of medical higher education in our country, realizes the seamless connection between degree education of clinical medicine specialty and professional qualification certification, and explores the new mode of integrating medical education of our country with international practice.
paper_476	Under drastic competition, major express companies have increased their daily delivery frequency to improve customer satisfaction and market share. The results show that: (1) The cost and resources operational efficiency are closely related to the order splitting ratio under the same delivery frequency; (2) The delivery frequency has different effects on the operational efficiency of the resources in different links. (3) Through the proper splitting and loading of orders, staff scheduling, and area adjustment of delivery station, the optimal delivery frequency can be achieved under the balance of cost and resource operational efficiency. In order to reduce the operating costs of logistics enterprises on the basis of ensuring service levels, one should first properly allocate the amount of orders and splitting ratios to achieve an economic increase in the delivery frequency. In addition, it is important for the logistics enterprises to consider the constraints such as delivery resources and consumer satisfaction to achieve the appropriate decision of delivery frequency. As the volume of orders and consumers' demand of rapid delivery services increasing, express companies are required to increase the daily delivery frequency to cope with the pressure of delivery during peak period and meet the consumers' needs effectively. However, the increasing in delivery frequency will lead to changes in the workload of different resources (distributors, facilities, equipment, etc.) The order volume, the orders' splitting ratio, the operational efficiency of delivery resource and the delivery costs will affect the delivery frequency. At present, the researches on delivery frequency, resource operation efficiency and cost utilization were mainly focusing on the following two aspects: (1) Delivery efficiency improvement through the choice of delivery model, And (2) Delivery link optimization. That research explored three scenarios, which are joint delivery, autonomous delivery, and third-party delivery, which also pointed out that, in order to improve delivery efficiency, enterprises should adequately consider relevant factors such as own resources, competitors' delivery strategies, and urban transport policies before determining delivery methods. Wang Wei  [17]  analyzed the advantages and disadvantages of self-operated, outsourced, and federated modes in ecommerce delivery model, and constructed a system dynamics model for the combination selection of delivery modes by selecting six core factors, which can provide decision-making advice for managers to improve the delivery efficiency. Hongtao Yang and Jianbang Du  [19] [20] [21]  uses system dynamics to analyze the problems of supply chain and delivery efficiency from the perspectives of transportation routes, drivers and cooperation agreements, and its sensitivity analysis provides some reference to this paper for the corporate in this case to improve the delivery efficiency. Lin Wanting [22]  considers the phenomenon of unfilled orders, information leakage, and product damage which exists in crowdsourcing delivery, then built system dynamics model from five dimensions of reliability, responsiveness, assurance, empathy and security, which provide decision-making advice for enterprise delivery efficiency management. Then, it establishes a simulation model for the operation of the delivery system on the base of system dynamics. Next, it uses the simulation model to study the effect of changes in delivery frequency on delivery costs and resource operation efficiency under different quantity of delivery orders. Secondly, it constructs subsystems of cost and resource operation efficiency for the delivery activities in the boundary. Next, it analyzes the interaction between delivery frequency, cost, and resource efficiency, and builds dynamics simulation model to get the equilibrium of cost and resource operation efficiency under different delivery frequency. As shown in  Figure 1 , JDL delivery process nodes in the area include: warehouses, three sorting centers and two delivery stations; resources include: storage facilities, sorting facilities, various transport vehicles and delivery workers. The variable costs occurred due to the volume of orders, which include operating cost of the sorting equipment, rental cost of the site, units fixed cost of transport vehicle, fuel costs, toll and so on. In addition, the number of working facilities and the operating time are affected by factors such as order quantity, delivery frequency, sorting equipment efficiency, and unit load of transport vehicles. The on-site logistics personnel is the person who puts the sorted goods into a mail packages and places them on a pallet and then sends it to the transportation vehicles. This article considers the utilization efficiency for the facilities, personnel, and technology such as turnover rate of transportation vehicles, the utilization rate of delivery site, and the delivery personnel loading rate, etc., which are put into the sorting, transportation, and terminal delivery links. The increase in the delivery frequency will result in the following two changes: first, the increase in consumer satisfaction; second, the corresponding changes in the cost and resources operational efficiency. The first change may prompt the increase of customer orders and corporate income Therefore the company will increase the investment in delivery facilities and equipment, and thus increase the delivery frequency and service capabilities. At the same time, the factors such as sorting time requirements, proportion of per-order batch, efficiency of the delivery personnel, and unit fuel consumption of the vehicle, will have a direct impact on the delivery frequency. After that, the validity of the model was verified though the error analysis by comparing the simulation data and actual operational data, which includes the average cost of sorting, transportation and terminal delivery. Different delivery frequencies have different splitting ways of total order quantity per day. The delivery frequency in scenarios 2 and 3 was increased by 9.5% over that in scenario 1. In scenarios 2 and 3, when the order quantity was lower than 3,500, the differences between the total delivery costs in Operational Efficiency: A Case Study of Jingdong Logistics different scenarios were very small; when the order quantity was higher than 3,500, the increased rate of cost in scenario 3 was higher for a while than that in scenario 2. The reason is that in scenario 3 the sorting center dispatched more vehicles in advance, which increased the cost of transportation. In this situation, the delivery frequency should be increased accordingly. Within the orders volume ruled in this paper, the delivery frequency and the cumulative delivery costs are positively correlated. The four scenarios showed a lower average unit cost when the order quantity was around 4,700 units indicating that this order quantity was a batch of economic orders. In  Figures 10 and 11 , it can be seen that the sorting cost of scenario 2 increased by an average of 157 yuan per day compared to scenario 1, which was due to the increase of delivery Higher frequency led to an increase in the total working time of sorting equipment and equipment costs. This is because that under the current total delivery volume, the order quantity after splitting in the scenario 4 was higher. The difference of average unit sorting costs among scenarios 1, 2 and 4 decreased as the order increased, which is because the change in the sorting costs under different order quantities was small and the difference in the delivery order quantity increased. The transportation cost in scenario 1 showed a rising trend with the increase of orders. Due to the splitting of order, the transportation costs of scenarios 2 and 4 remained unchanged when the order volume was small. When the volume of orders increased to a certain value, the transportation cost of scenario 1 became the highest among the three scenarios. In scenarios 2 and 4 the orders can be met by just increasing the frequency of existing vehicles, however, in scenario 1, new vehicles were needed to meet the transportation needs, which resulted in higher transportation costs. The main reason is that the increase in the delivery frequency improved the demand for the number of delivery personnel and caused the delivery time of delivery personnel to be shorter in a single batch. In terms of unit average terminal delivery cost, all three scenarios have shown a tendency of fluctuating decline, and some of the rises are due to the increase in the costs of delivery personnel and facilities. The vehicle utilization efficiency for the three sorting centers in scenario 4 increased with the order volume since only one transportation vehicle was required to be dispatched from each sorting center within the current order volume. As a result, the company had to increase the number of delivery personnel and the area of shipments. This is because that the ratio between the order quantity and the actual number of delivery personnel at the delivery site was not equal. With the same delivery frequency, the orders splitting ratio influences delivery cost and resource utilization efficiency significantly. The change of delivery frequency has different effects on the resource operational efficiency in different stages of the delivery process. With the same delivery frequency, different order splitting ratios affect delivery cost and resource operational efficiency. Therefore, JDL needs to consider the increase in delivery frequency, the increase in delivery costs, the overloading of resources, and the ratio of orders and splits. With different delivery frequency, JDL's delivery resources and consumer service quality are different. In the same delivery link the demand for delivery resources can be different due to different delivery operational capacities. Therefore, JDL needs to consider different constraints when making delivery frequency decisions. When the delivery frequency is increased from 3 times per day to 4 times per day, scenario 3 should be adopted from the perspective of increasing consumer satisfaction; scenario 2 should be adopted when the area of delivery stations and the delivery personnel are tight. The delivery frequency has different effects on the resource operational efficiency in different delivery stages. Therefore, JDL should combine the simulation results with the actual situation before making the delivery frequency decision.
paper_479	Handwriting is also a key element in document examination as it leaves a forensic document examiner with the task of determining who the writer of a particular document is and this is achieved through the likelihood ratio (L R) paradigm. Inability to model an individual's handwriting over time has made estimating a full likelihood ratio for comparative handwriting analysis impossible thereby employing nuisance parameters and subjectivity in computation of L R that is not full. This research employed back propagation neural network (BPNN) to model the writing pattern of individuals with input layer as the features of handwriting characters, two hidden layers of three neurons each, activation function sigmoid (s) and an output handwriting. With the help of handwriting model for individual writers, little or no assumptions and no nuisance parameters were employed in achieving full likelihood ratio for comparative handwriting analysis in forensic science. From the research carried out, it can be concluded that modeling an individual's handwriting is a crucial factor in achieving a full likelihood ratio, little/or no inconclusiveness in result reporting and a less degree of disagreements for handwriting identification in a forensic environment. The likelihood ratio paradigm has been studied as a means for quantifying the strength of evidence for a variety of forensic evidence types in handwriting and other types of forensic evidence such as earmark, speech, footprint, fingerprint, glass fragments and DNA  [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] . L R therefore compares the plausibility under two or more propositions and a number of factors are considered when estimating L R . For the handwriting evidence, previous literatures reported many factors and the inability of the forensic examiner to model the writing profile of a writer because it is often believed that an individual's writing profile is a latent characteristic that cannot be observed directly, and is not easily modeled because an individual's writing profile cannot have static characteristics and may change over time  [9] [10] [11]  which has resulted to adopt ad-hoc methods to compute likelihood  [9, 12, 13]  when full likelihood ratio is not achievable. The purpose of this paper is to illustrate how neural network approach to comparative handwriting analysis can greatly affect the outcome of a forensic investigation and make full likelihood ratio achievable. The novelty of our proposed implementation relies on natural handwriting samples over a period of six months from known individuals to form the database to model the writing profile for each writer. By doing so, the meaning of its value becomes clear, that is, how more (or less) the effects are frequent under the conditions of one proposal than under the conditions of the other proposal. The forensic examiner provides a summary of the evidence needed for belief based on the evidence and the fact that prior beliefs about H p and H d have been quantified. Computational approaches to the handwriting facet of questioned document (QD) examination were developed with a view towards providing a scientific basis for handwriting evidence, formalizing human expert-based approaches and validating existing methodology. The task of verification, which is to determine whether two writing samples compared side-by-side, originates from the same person, was the principal problem addressed. A statistical model for writer verification was developed; it allows computing the likelihood ratio based on a variety of different feature types. The problem of estimating a L R for handwriting has proven to be a non trival task due to the inability to model the writing pattern of an individual and due to the absence of a large database of handwriting and other factors. [15] [16] [17] [18]  estimated a L R for handwriting using Bayesian approach but in the presence of nuisance parameter, and their works had no underlying principle and model in which this L R was estimated. [17]  based their approach on distribution of measurements from comparing items but their approach was similar to that of marginal L R when full L R was not an option due to the presence of nuisance parameter. [19]  described a statistical model for the writer verification task to determine if two documents were written by the same writer, their model followed the scenario proposed by  [17]  thus suffers from the same weakness  [20]  presented one conceivable way to deal with gauge a probability proportion in near handwriting analysis was delineated. The oddity of the methodology depends on producing reproduced composing samples from an accumulation of composing samples acquired from a realized source to frame a database for evaluating the dissemination related with the numerator of a L R . In a related work, similar examination of probability proportion based proof appraisal strategies in both evaluative and analytical procedures was carried out using a sample collected from female and male author. Assessment of signature handwriting evidence through score-based likelihood ratio based on comparative measurement of relevant dynamic features was carried out by  [22, 9]  presented score-based approaches to calculating forensic probability ratios that have been established as becoming more progressively common in forensic literature. This method is genuinely direct for the score-based L R numerator, which involves creating a list of scores obtained by combining proof objects from the same source. [23]  Asserted that recent analytical developments paired with modern statistical computational tools have led to the proliferation of adhoc techniques for quantifying the probative value of forensic evidence. The target will help to know which handwriting is original and disguised. In addition, that each individual's writing pattern was modeled using BPNN with the algorithm below, as BPNN can combine and incorporate both literature-based and experimental data to solve problems. The feature information extracted from student handwriting through LBP was entered in NN through input layer and the participation of each class of character variables is calculated by the hidden layer of the network using: formula_1 net j is ith type of factor, n is the number of factors in net i , & ' ! The weight from input points i and two hidden unit j is ! " Weight from second hidden unit i and output unit j is ! ) Weight of additional edge for each unit is bias− θ, where input unit and output vector from the hidden layer are expanded with a 1 component as seen in  Figure 2 . Due to the complexity of modeling the handwriting of a writer and the absence of industrial size databases from which different handwriting can be described  [17, 9]  estimated a marginal L R when the full L R was not possible also in the presence of some parameters considered to be nuisance. This research work was able to model the handwriting for individual in the presence of large-scale database using the back-propagation neural network (BPNN). An inconclusive state is declared if and only if L R value = 1 With the BPNN algorithm to model handwriting pattern for each writer and L R estimation described in  [10]  this paper was able to deal with the problem of inconclusiveness as there was no inconclusive results reported in the investigation, determine who the writer of a questioned document is as well as eliminate the inclusion of parameters considered nuisance in investigation because each writer's handwriting profile could be ascertained due to the BPNN training of the Handwriting categories. Table 1  shows the results of our Estimated Likelihood Ratio (ELR) for a writer against any other author in a collection of appropriate databases where the upper confidence interval (CiU) and the lower confidence interval (CiL) are indicated. Several factors have to be put in place to estimate a full L R for forensic handwriting investigations. This research shows that modeling handwriting pattern for a writer is an important factor in achieving a full L R which will eliminate the use of nuisance parameters in the computation process, lower the disagreement rate with respect to the Hypothesis in support of the prosecutor and also produce no inconclusive result after estimation of L R .
paper_492	Based on known functions of neuroscience the neural network that performs serial parallel conversion and its inverse transformation is presented. By hierarchy connecting the neural networks, the upper neural network that can process general time sequence data is constructed. The activity of the upper neural networks changes in response to the context structure inherent in the time series data and have both function of accepting and generating of general time series data. Eating behavior in animals in the early stages of evolution is also processing time series data, and it is possible to predict behavior although be limited short term by learning the contextual structure inherent in time series data. Although status of nervous system of the animal change according to the recognition by sensory organ and to the manipulation of the object by muscle in the vicinity of the animal itself, the evolved animals have in addition another nervous system so-called long-term memory or episodic memory being involved experience and prediction. In this paper, a new neural network and its behavior are presented based on the above idea. By hierarchical connection of the circuits, it is possible to accept and generate general time series data. Chapter 3 describes the transition of the activated parts of the neural network corresponding the changes of the environment, the short-term memory and the long-term memory. The nervous system related to short-term memory is activated in synchronization with environmental events, but the nervous system involved in long-term memory is highly layered to form an image corresponding to past and future events. Whether the eating behavior is evaluated as intellectual behavior aside, it is possible to mimic this degree of behavior by electronic work at the junior high school level by combining sensors and logic ICs. In the following, rather than the engineering usefulness, to extend the function of the circuit according the evolution of the neural system of the animal. The eating behavior of animals evolved from the aforementioned animals is composed of time series of actions such as extending arms toward the target, opening the palm of hand when approaching the target, closing the palm to grasp the target and bringing to the mouth. The recognition technology of the figure has evolved by the neural network which starts with the perceptron, but it is forced to judge by the relation of the part and the whole as in the example of kanji when the scale of the figure increases. In other words, a trade-off is made between the recognition power of the part in the complex figure recognition and the processing power of the data sequence of the recognition result, and by learning the animal might got the most efficient processing method. On the development of neural networks that deal with general time series data, it is important to proceed without losing affinity with knowledge of neuroscience. It is desirable that the behavior of any neural network system can be expressed by combinations of the simple action parts of animals in the early stages of evolution. In this chapter, it is presented that arbitrary time series data can be divide into basic sequences as the logical basis of neural networks. Finally, it shows the hierarchically connected neural network that can process for general time series data. The neural circuit corresponding to each basic subsequence can be easily configured in the neural network, leading to the realization of processing by hardware of general time series data. Other portion will return to the initial state because no activation factors (may be activated by another time series data). The number and their position of the activated elements is the conversion output corresponding to the serial input  [1] . In the neural network shown in  Figure 2 , the elements are activated one after another by the time series data (in this case, the basic subsequence) from below, and the result is output upward. Therefore, the couplings between the elements are enhanced (Hebb rule) by repeating this conversion, as a result the elements involved in the conversion will be activated by only receiving the first element of the time series data. On the flow direction of data, this parallel to serial conversion is upside down with the serial to parallel conversion described above, but the basis of neural network operation is the same. When the state transition diagram of the  Figure 3  is seen as a serial parallel conversion, the bottom is inputs connected to such sensory organs. The essence of the neural network which performs the parallel serial conversion and the neural network which performs the serial parallel conversion is the same except that the conversion result comes out downward or upward. On other words, both operations of the serial parallel conversion and the reverse conversion are essentially the same on the point both operations are triggered by the first data and proceed waiting for input state change. For each basic subsequence a neural network that accepts and generates the basic subsequence is considered. Since general time series data is consisted of hierarchy of basic subsequences, basic units can process general time series data by identifying the outputs of lower layer basic units as the new time series data. Animal's behavior is considered a time series data consisted of the data that is couple of behavior data and received data. The time series data handled in the first 2 steps are consists of various stimuli of the internal and endocrine system, as well as data that captured by sensory organ from the environment in which the animal is placed. After time sequence data learning, animals are possible to quickly start the operation that continues only by receiving the beginning of the time series data to be corresponding a slight sign. As neural circuits evolve, the movement of each element is captured and accumulated as a context, and it becomes possible to adapt to changes in the new environment. Neuroscientist Damasio calls "image" the internal representation built in the nervous system by stimulation inside and outside the body. In brief, images were advantageous even if an organism were not conscious of the images formed within it. Animals in the early stages of evolution will spend most of their living time obtaining food and avoiding danger. Animals with some evolved sensory organs must recognize, for example, environmental changes from sunrise to sunset as repetitions of a time series data. One of the factors that made the language possible to dramatically expand the range of expression is that it can be used as expression of object even if it is not near. "Tomorrow I'd like to buy a birthday cake at Store A to celebrate you with everyone." "Let's ask store A to put a chocolate plate on the cake with your name on it." And you'll think of the shape of the cake and the action of lifting the chocolate plate and mouthing it. On your birthday day, you may want to see the cake in front of you, identify the cake from store A, which was the one that was the subject of a conversation with your family the day before, and worry about the difference from the previous day's expectations. Because the episode about the cake is remembered, communication is possible and feelings are transmitted. One is time series data based on visual information of the cake in front of you and muscle movements that manipulate chocolate plates, which is produced by the nervous system that animals have from the early stages of evolution. The other is generated by the nervous system that is called " image" by Damasio, is time series data based on the shape of cake produced from family conversations the day before. While the behavior of the former nervous system is reflection of the visual information and movement of the objects nearby, the latter nervous system not only no needs to be synchronized with the former, but also moves independently. Like talking about your childhood while eating cake. However, if the nervous system of the episodic memory is activated by remembering the A shop and the chocolate plate while looking at the cake, the difference between reality and the expectation might become a problem. Stimulus from the sensory organs from the bottom becomes time series data and is transmitted to the upper part. The part shown in red is a part that is particularly activated, the lower red disk is the part activated by the visual data of the chocolate plate that placed in front, the upper red disk is the part that is activating by recalled episode about the chocolate plate. As a result, the shape of the chocolate in the episodic memory is identified as the thing seen in front. When studying objects that are intertwined with portion and whole system such as the nervous system, the idea of category theory can be incorporated to develop the whole without focusing on the details of the object. In neuroscience, the morphism corresponds to synapses and axons, and is responsible for the transmission of information between objects. In this paper, short-term memory and long-term memory are both regarded as time series data brought about by activity in the brain. And the time series data brought by other brain with highly hierarchically connected structure activities is concerning long-term memory. From among the random connections, the necessary connections for the desired operation are selected and enhanced, and the target function is realized. It can be said that the essence of the logic of the operation exists not in the basic unit, but in the connecting situation among basic units selected from randomly initialized connection. From the viewpoint of neuroscience, even if there are no "parts" equivalent to the basic unit in the process of stimulation from the sensory organs propagating to the cerebral cortex, axons parallel to the propagation direction connect between the layers, and it can be said that it is a passage of serial parallel mutually converted information. Constructing neural networks based on known functions of neural circuits, including the Hebb rule, and considering the correspondence between the movements of biological neural circuits will lead to new discoveries in both fields.
paper_507	Present study focused on the possible factors that are responsible for the landslide in hilly regions of Uttarakashi, Uttarakhand. The main aim of present study is to integrate the result of our study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and used the output as a user friendly application using GIS which could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and% contribution of each factor for the same. In this study, layers are evaluated with the help of stability studies used to produce landslide susceptibility map by Artificial Neural Network (ANN). Efficiency of the application will be calculated by the help of previously acquired data of the study area at different places and then the reliability of the application will be judged. A frequently used definition of landslide is "movement of mass of rock, earth or debris down a slope" in the words of Cruden  [1] . The recent landslide of 2012 took a heavy toll on life and property, many people lost their lives, and thousands of tourist were stranded due to disrupted communication services  [5] . The result obtained i.e. Whole study of this paper is based on following objectives 1. 3. Annual average rainfall observed is 1750.50mm and mean temperature 16°C. It may be possible that any parameter is important with respect to landslide occurrence for the given area but it is also possible that the importance of same parameter is negligible for another area (Mohammad Onagh, 2012). Thus a number of thematic maps (referred to as data layer in GIS) based on the specific parameters which are related to occurrence of landslide viz. slope, aspect, lithology, rainfall, land cover etc. were generated using ERDAS and ARCGIS v. 9.3. Four control points were selected at the corner of the concerned points, the geo-referencing of these coordinates was done by finding the coordinates from the Google Earth. Four control points are selected on the four corners of the map such that the points mark the spatial extent of the whole map as shown: formula_0 . Each node is a simple processing element that responds to the weighted inputs it receives from other nodes. The arrangement of the nodes is refer-red to as the network architecture (  figure 18 ). Figure 18 . In the present study we selected 107 points and all the six factors namely soil depth, soil type, rock type, land cover, slope and elevation and a excel database is created. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. Since ANN does not understand the 'landslide prone' and 'non-landslide prone' region we explain it by giving value '1' and '0' respectively. However, this is possible only if we know the coefficients called weights. The back-propagation algorithm was then applied to calculate the weights between the input layer (6) and the hidden layer (20), and between the hidden layer (20) and the output layer (1), by modifying the number of hidden node and adjusting the learning rate (0.01). In the training process we change the weights in that way in which the network output and the true values get closer and closer to each other. For a new dataset the weights are unknown. The number of epochs was set to 3,000. For easy interpretation, the average values were calculated, and these values were divided by the average of the weights of the some factor that had a minimum value. The results are compiled below. It may be possible that any parameter is important with respect to landslide occurrence for the given area but it is also possible that the importance of same parameter is negligible for another area  [13] . Thus a number of thematic maps (referred to as data layer in GIS) based on the specific parameters which are related to occurrence of landslide viz. slope, aspect, lithology, rainfall, land cover etc. were generated using ERDAS and ARCGIS v. 9.3. Soil depth 3. Soil texture 4. Land use 7. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. The back-propagation algorithm was then applied to calculate the weights between the input layer (6) and the hidden layer  (15) , and between the hidden layer (15) and the output layer (1), by modifying the number of hidden node and adjusting the learning rate (0.01). It has led us to understand the application of probabilistic approach and its success in the work. Here we have used the already existing topographical maps, satellite imageries and field work integrating them together using GIS and ANN MODEL to create a database that has generated the output for the future use. The result of present study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and presented by a landslide hazard zonation map and a user friendly application using GIS that could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and percentage contribution of each factor for the same. The reliability of ANN is high over other methods.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_2	This creates unwanted congestion during peak hours, loss of man-hours and eventually decline in productivity. The developed system uses a microcontroller of PIC89C51 microcontroller duly interfaced with sensors. Junction timings allotted are fixed. The junction is a link to three roads which include; Effurun-Sapele road, Jakpa road, and PTI road. As a result of this a lot of time is wasted in the process. In order to overcome the aforementioned problem, this research adopted a density based approach in controlling vehicular traffic. The signal timing changes automatically on sensing the traffic density at the junction. The sensors used in this project are infra-red (IR) and photodiodes. However, this system lacked inbuiltmechanism for controlling vehicular traffic based on density. Junction timings allotted are fixed. Raspberry pi is used as a microcontroller which provides the signal timing based on the traffic. An intelligent traffic lights control system using a Fuzzy Logic approach was developed by  [5] . Data was analyzed and presented using descriptive statistics; tables and graphs by using excel 2003. The top down design approach was adopted here. The complete circuitry is operated with TTL logic level of 0-5V. It comprises of a 0V to 12V transformer which is required to step down the 220V AC supply to 12V AC. This is converted by a bridge rectifier to a dc voltage. Below are the ratings of the transformer 0.7 volts for silicon diodes). For this circuit, V peak rectified = 16.67-2(0.7) =15.27v dc This voltage is the input voltage of the capacitor. A capacitor is needed to effectively carry out the filtering of the rectified AC signal to eliminate ripples  [9]  and can thus be calculated using the equation below. For convenience, a capacitor of 1000uF is used. Figure 4  shows the circuit diagram of the system. The Transformer steps down the 220 v AC supply to 12 v AC. The time delay in the traffic signal is set based on the density of vehicles on the roads. The IR sensors are used to sense the number of vehicles on the road. The Vero board is also called a strip board. And after soldering each unit, continuity test was carried out to ensure that proper soldering was done. The PIC Microcontroller was programmed using Embedded C language. The codes are as shown in the Appendix. Simulation was done via Proteus software. In order to address this problem, an advanced traffic congestion control system is required. One of such systems is the automatic signaling using IR sensors and Microcontroller.
paper_78	Each formation has its own composition, structure, distribution range and environment, and all of them should be protected effectively. It is applicable in ecology because the description of ecological systems is not always possible in terms of a binary approach  [4] . Like licorice, most medicinal plants are harvested in the wild and the extended use has led to some medicinal species endangered and tending to be extinct, and the protection of such medicinal species has been urgent  [12, 13] . Classification is the process of dividing plots into clusters (communities) so that plots in the same cluster are as similar as possible, and plots in different clusters are as dissimilar as possible. The Fuzzy C-means clustering attempts to divide a finite collection of n elements (plots) formula_0 into a collection of C fuzzy clusters with respect to some given criterion. Given a finite set of data matrix (species × plots), the method calculates a list of C cluster centres  formula_1 formula_2 Where i = 1, 2, …, N = the number of plots; j = 1, 2, …, C = the number of clusters; U = {U ij } = the matrix of membership values, U ij is the membership of plot i in cluster j; V is a matrix of cluster centers; m is fuzzifier which determines the level of cluster fuzziness (1 ≤ m < ∞). (dA ij ) 2 is the distance index: formula_3 X i is the vector of attribute measurements in plots, usually a vector of ordination scores; V j is the centre of cluster j, if A is a unit matrix, then formula_4 Based on the algorithm above, the procedure of fuzzy C-means clustering is as follows: (1) Selecting a common ordination method, we use Detrended Correspondence Analysis (DCA), and do ordination analysis for species data. For a plot, any value can be given as its membership value in cluster j, but the sum of memberships for a plot must be equal to 1:  2  is calculated using equations (2) and (3). formula_5 formula_7 Based on the new membership values U, we go back to the fourth step and calculated the next turn V j , (dA ij )  2  and U ij iteratively, and until the membership values become approximately stable. Based on a general survey of Glycyrrhiza uralensis and its community distribution, five study regions, Chifeng (in inner Mongolia), Hengjinqi (in inner Mongolia), Minqin (in Ganshu), Aletai (in Xinjing) and Kashi (in Xinjing), were selected as sampling sites  [7] . Twenty plots of 5 m × 5 m were established randomly at each site which is over 40 ha in area. The coverage, mean height, individual number for shrub and herb species was measured in each plot. The community has a total cover of 75%, a shrub layer cover of 20% and an herb layer cover of 65%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 25% with a density of 3600 ha -1 . Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 5% and an herb layer cover of 70%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 35% with a density of 5700 ha -1 . The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 15% and an herb layer cover of 60%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 40% with a density of 59500 ha -1 . Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 65%, a shrub layer cover of 10% and an herb layer cover of 60%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 37% with a density of 4900 ha -1 . It is distributed from 350 to 650 m in hills with slope 15 -35° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. The community has a total cover of 60%, a shrub layer cover of 5% and an herb layer cover of 58%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 33% with a density of 5500 ha -1 . It is distributed from 400 to 700 m in hills with slope 10 -30° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. The community has a total cover of 75%, a shrub layer cover of 10% and an herb layer cover of 70%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 40% with a density of 6000 ha -1 . It is distributed from 400 to 750 m in hills with slope 15 -35° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 15% and an herb layer cover of 65%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 29% with a density of 4100 ha -1 . It is distributed from 400 to 800 m in hills with slope 20 -35° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. The community has a total cover of 80%, a shrub layer cover of 10% and an herb layer cover of 75%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 30% with a density of 4000 ha -1 . This study proved that fuzzy C-means clustering is fully usable in classification analysis of plant communities  [1, 19] . These further confirm that fuzzy C-means clustering is an effective technique in vegetation analysis  [28, 29] .
paper_145	The present study was based on data collected from 900 respondents of both urban and rural areas of Bangladesh. Among them 44.3 percent were overweight and obese. Majority (70.6%) were diabetic patients. With the increase in age significant increase in prevalence rate of obesity was observed. Higher prevalence rate was also observed among housewives. Higher prevalence of obesity was noted among females. The prevalence of overweight and obesity has increased rapidly over the last decades especially in developed countries  [1] [2] [3] . In 2016 WHO estimated that globally approximately 1.9 billion adults (age > 20 years) were overweight and more than 650 million adults were obese  [4] . The major contribution of obesity is to lead the increase in the prevalence of chronic diseases and cancers  [7] [8] [9] [10] . Behavioral factors have significant effects on metabolic risk. The study was based on data collected from both urban and rural people of Bangladesh. The investigated diabetic patients were 544. The latter information were provided by the diabetic patients. The analysis was done by using SPSS [version 20.0]. The respondents were classified as underweight  [BMI < 20] , normal [BMI,  20 -25] , overweight [BMI < 30] and obese [BMI 30+]. Factor analysis was done to identify the factors for obesity. Obesity was observed among 15.3 percent people and overweight respondents were 34.0 percent. There were 58.9 percent males among the respondents and 47.2 percent of them were normal. However, compared to males more females were obese. Significant differences in proportions of obesity among the two religious groups were noted [P (χ2 ≥ 10.82)= 0.012]. However, there was significant differences in proportions of different levels of obesity among the two marital groups of respondents [P (χ2 ≥ 22.933) = 0.028]. Majority (52.9%) of the respondents were of age 50 years and above and 48.5 percent of them were normal [  Table 5 ]. The percentages of normal groups among the respondents of ages 25 -40 and 40 -50 were 35.5 and 36.6, respectively. Levels of obesity was significantly associated with levels of ages [P (χ2 ≥ 18.34) = 0.008]. Maximum normal group of respondents (53.8%) was observed among agriculturists. Maximum (25.5%) respondents of obesity was noted among housewives. The data indicated that 54.4% respondents had income less than 30,000.00 taka. Significant association was noted between the level of obesity and the level of income [P(χ2 ≥ 64.994) = 0.00]. Now, let us observe the association of level of obesity and prevalence of diabetes. Table 10  showed that 67.6 percent underweight respondents were affected by diabetes. With the increase in levels of body mass index [BMI] the rates of prevalence of diabetes were also increased. There was no significant association between level obesity and prevalence of diabetes [P(χ2 ≥ 0.851) = 0.837]. The present study also indicated similar result [  Table 11 ]. Among the smokers 47.2 percent were normal and 37.2 percent were overweight. The association between smoking habit and level of obesity was significant [P(χ2 ≥ 20.189) = 0.0.002]. This was done by factor analysis. These three variables were more important for the variation in the level of obesity. The coefficients of the components were presented in  Table 13 . These coefficients were observed from the first component. This component explained 25.733 percent variation in the data of obesity. This component explained 10.86 percent variation of the obesity. The respondents were investigated mostly by the doctors and nurses from their working places. Around 50 percent respondents were overweight and obese. Similar finding was also noted in another study  [21] . The prevalence of overweight and obesity were significantly associated with age, religion, education, occupation, marital status, income and smoking habit. Around 50.6 percent people of urban area were overweight and obese. They were classified as underweight (BMI <20), normal (BMI, 20 -<25), overweight (BMI, 25 -< 30) and obese (BMI = 30+). The percentages of these four groups of respondents were 7.6, 43.1.34.0 and 15.3, respectively. Most the respondents were in normal and overweight groups. In this study also higher prevalence of diabetes was observed among them. Among the respondents 84.1 percent were of the age 40 years and above and among them 42.8 percent were overweight and obese. c) Counseling is needed for the obese children and adolescents. The public health authority can play a decisive role for the above steps.
paper_96	With the rapid development of China's transportation, the frequency of traffic accidents is also high. This not only restricted the development of China's transportation greatly, but also threatened to people's safety seriously. In fact, this "warning system of embedded electronic guide dog avoiding obstacles" is similar to a car anti-collision avoidance system. In this way, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog has the following advantages. It has a simple design, and small volume, so that it is convenient to carry the "dog". Its operating system is thought from the perspectives of practical application, development tool, instantaneity, technical services, and price, etc. [3]  The alarm system of guide dog adopts the combination of light and sound. Sound will produce auditory stimulus for the blind. The hardware of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog can reference the Figure 1:  Figure 1 : Schematic diagram of hardware system structure  [4] The techniques of information collection are ultrasonic wave, laser, infrared ray, machine vision and interactive method. Information processing is mainly to analyze the collected information, usually using ARM, MCU and DSP microprocessor, etc. The full name of ARM is Advanced RISC Machines. It has a variety of merits, like small size, high performance, low power consumption, and cheap cost. It extensively uses the registers with a fast speed of instruction execution. And its way to addressing is much easier and more flexible, and its operating efficiency is high. Also, it could complete most of the data manipulation in the register. At present, the embedded RTOS (Real Time Operate System) mainly includes two categories--commercial and free. These are the most remarkable features that uCLinux owned. In addition, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also makes a full use of USB. The reference model is shown in  Figure 2 . of USB reference model  [4] The traffic safety problem of the blind is an urgent issue to solve. This humanized technology innovation is the embodiment of environmental science and technology aesthetics theory in the field of science and technology innovation practice.
paper_1	Tweets and other updates have become so important in the world of information and communication because they have a great potential of passing information very fast. This paper reports on the successful development of a way of searching, filtering, organizing and storing the information from social media so that it can be put to some good use in an electronic learning environment. Its objective is to get groups of objects such that the objects in a group will be similar (or related) to one another and different from (or unrelated to) the objects in other groups  [1] . It can be applied in various fields for instance taxonomy of living things, information retrieval from a document, identification of areas of similar land use in an earth observation database, discovering distinct groups by marketers in their customer bases for development of targeted marketing programs and identifying groups of houses according to their house type, value, and geographical location  [2] . Some of them include summarization, compression and k-nearest neighbor which localizes search to one or a small number of clusters. Good clustering methods produce high quality clusters with either a high intra-class similarity within clusters or a low inter-class similarity between clusters. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. The first task was to retrieve details of each of the students from their twitter accounts using an extension script which is part of the twitter Application Programming Interface. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. This involved picking the details of a new student from twitter and trying to predict the class hence group that he should join. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . They also confirmed that the system simplified the process of group formation and made inclusivity of distant students in the groups possible. This is summarized in the chart below. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. It was able to extract tweets from various social media accounts based on a given hash tag (task) and then pass them to a Naïve Bayes classifier as input. The classifier was also able to assign other or new users groups also according to their tweets and the learning that the system had undergone. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_2	This creates unwanted congestion during peak hours, loss of man-hours and eventually decline in productivity. The developed system uses a microcontroller of PIC89C51 microcontroller duly interfaced with sensors. Junction timings allotted are fixed. The junction is a link to three roads which include; Effurun-Sapele road, Jakpa road, and PTI road. As a result of this a lot of time is wasted in the process. In order to overcome the aforementioned problem, this research adopted a density based approach in controlling vehicular traffic. The signal timing changes automatically on sensing the traffic density at the junction. The sensors used in this project are infra-red (IR) and photodiodes. However, this system lacked inbuiltmechanism for controlling vehicular traffic based on density. Junction timings allotted are fixed. Raspberry pi is used as a microcontroller which provides the signal timing based on the traffic. An intelligent traffic lights control system using a Fuzzy Logic approach was developed by  [5] . Data was analyzed and presented using descriptive statistics; tables and graphs by using excel 2003. The top down design approach was adopted here. The complete circuitry is operated with TTL logic level of 0-5V. It comprises of a 0V to 12V transformer which is required to step down the 220V AC supply to 12V AC. This is converted by a bridge rectifier to a dc voltage. Below are the ratings of the transformer 0.7 volts for silicon diodes). For this circuit, V peak rectified = 16.67-2(0.7) =15.27v dc This voltage is the input voltage of the capacitor. A capacitor is needed to effectively carry out the filtering of the rectified AC signal to eliminate ripples  [9]  and can thus be calculated using the equation below. For convenience, a capacitor of 1000uF is used. Figure 4  shows the circuit diagram of the system. The Transformer steps down the 220 v AC supply to 12 v AC. The time delay in the traffic signal is set based on the density of vehicles on the roads. The IR sensors are used to sense the number of vehicles on the road. The Vero board is also called a strip board. And after soldering each unit, continuity test was carried out to ensure that proper soldering was done. The PIC Microcontroller was programmed using Embedded C language. The codes are as shown in the Appendix. Simulation was done via Proteus software. In order to address this problem, an advanced traffic congestion control system is required. One of such systems is the automatic signaling using IR sensors and Microcontroller.
paper_3	In the beginning, a related work on the architecture trends of Web-based AEHSs is presented. (b) Adaptive Presentation: It adapts the content presented in each hypermedia node according to specific characteristics of the learner. AEHS MATHEMA (Meta-Adaptation Technology Hypermedia for Electro-Magnetism Approach) combines the constructivist, socio-cultural and meta-cognitive teaching model and supports personalized and collaborative learning. The teaching strategies are based on  [9]  learning cycle and learning style model. The aim of this article is to highlight the main contributions of the architecture of the MATHEMA in the improvement of the functionality of AEHSs. The key idea is the decentralization of their functions. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: In the section 2 related works for various models of architecture of AEHSs is presented. In the section 3 the architecture of the AEHS MATHEMA is presented in detail. For the AEHSs various models of architecture have been developed so far on which the designers of these systems are based on. In this section some models that are most suited to the MATHEMA system are presented. The AHAM architecture model proposed by  [6]  is shown in the  Figure 1 . The AEHSs fit so nicely in this model. When designing a course it is important to first list the concepts. The next thing to do is to determine dependencies between the concepts. This leads to a structure of prerequisite relationships. The prerequisites are most common in educational material. The rules together form the adaptation model in AHAM. This is done by means of a teaching model which consists of pedagogical rules. AEHSs applications need to maintain a permanent user model. [8] presented a similar architecture in the Proper system based on the AHAM model. Proper's architecture is a combined architecture of SCORM LMS and AEHS. Educational content can be either SCO or Asset. Thus its architecture is a typical of a SCORM compliant LMS. They use the Apache Tomcat 5.5 as Web and application server and the MySQL 5 as database server. The adaptive navigation techniques have been applied to it via Java servlets and Java Server Pages (JSP). In the  Figure 3  the architecture of the WELSA  [14]  system is presented. [12] proposed a framework for AEHS (  Fig. 4 ) based on JSP, Java servlets, and Javabeans. The Interaction Analyzer is responsible for acquiring information on learner's behavior. The Presentation Generator requests a composition of the presentation to the JavaServer Pages. ULUL-ILM  [1]  is an AEHS that focuses on student's learning styles. It enables to recognize the student's learning style automatically in real time by means of Multi Layer Feed-Forward Neural network (MLFF). The result of that analysis is called domain model. For supporting features, it uses the (JSP) pages, Java servlets, JavaBeans, JavaScripts, and Apache Struts technologies. The content loaded to the MySQL database is accessed via JDBC API. A servlet is a Java class that implements the Java servlet API, a protocol to respond to HTTP requests. These servlets are complete programs that are capable of creating JSPs. This allows for much more flexibility in creating the page than XML. Oddly enough, servlets do not face any of the problems faced by classical CGI programming because a servlet has a lifecycle. Servlets dynamically create JSP pages according to student requirements. JavaBeans technology comes into play. (3) Protects your intellectual property by keeping source code secure. The Apache Struts is a formalized framework for the architecture style design pattern Model View Controller (MVC). Figure 5  shows the architecture of the AEHS MATHEMA. Bellow the operation of the units will be presented and analyzed. A component of an adaptive educational system is the representation of knowledge. The domain knowledge is structured in a way that supports the ability of the system to choose the educational material, depending on the learner's requirements and current status. The domain knowledge of the AEHS MATHEMA is the basis of the system's adaptation. Content is on separate pages, enabling it to be re-used. Student model contains information about student characteristics that allows the system to make adjustments using these characteristics. The model that supports the AEHS MATHEMA is the overlay model. It also takes into account the decisions of the data collection and monitoring unit of the learner's actions. This is an innovation on the architecture of AEHSs. It also offers additional information about the navigation techniques that it supports. knowledge of the cognitive goal. Figure 7  shows a snapshot of the meta-adaptation result. A snapshot of a meta-adaptation result. The pages displayed to the learner are dynamically generated. This module is responsible for obtaining information about the data the learner entries in the system and for monitoring his or her actions (interaction with the system). Figure 9  shows a snapshot of the page responsible for selecting preferences of the learner. MATHEMA supports the learner to find the most suitable peer for the formation of a collaboration team. Figure 10  shows a snapshot of adaptive group formation in the MATHEMA. This module is responsible for monitoring and supporting synchronous communication between learners via a chattool. Assessment of the pedagogical and technological aspects of the AEHS MATHEMA has been carried out. The evaluation of the system was carried out by students of the Department of Informatics and Telecommunications of the University of Athens, Greece. The implemented AEHSs so far use various techniques to implement their functions. The architecture of AEHSs becomes more complex as more and more functions are implemented. The key idea is the decentralization of their functions.
paper_21	The proposed scheme ZSISMP is validated on all BCH codes of known minimum distance. An efficient solution of this problem is the use of error correcting codes. The error-correcting capability of these codes is directly related to their minimum distance. For these codes, only a lower bound is known and the minimum distance is known only for some lengths and special cases  [2-3-4-5-6-7-8] . The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: The next section presents the main related works. The section 3 presents the proposed scheme ZSISMP. The section 4 presents the main results. Determining the minimum distance of BCH codes is an important, but difficult, problem. This section summarizes the most important ones. The use of this method has finished the table of BCH codes of length 255. In  [10] , Augot and Sendrier found idempotent codewords of minimum weight for several primitive narrow-sense BCH codes. In  [22] , Aylaj and Belkasmi improve the classical Simulated Annealing presented in  [16] . This section presents the proposed scheme for finding the lowest weight in BCH codes. For finding the minimum distance of BCH codes. Output: -d as estimated minimum distance of BCH (n, k, δ) The table 2 summarizes the obtained results. These results demonstrate that the proposed scheme outperform greatly the famous Zimmermann algorithm. The table 3 presents a comparison between the proposed scheme and MIM-RSC method  [24] . In this paper, we have proposed a new efficient scheme to find the minimum distance for large BCH codes. The experimental results show that the proposed scheme outperforms several known powerful techniques.
paper_31	From 1990 to 2017, the morbidity of chronic diseases with high incidence in China had been increasing continuously  [1] . According to China National Health and Nutrition Big Data Report 2018, 20% of Chinese suffer from chronic diseases, and chronic disease mortality was 86%. Therefore, it is crucial to effectively prevent and control chronic diseases. With the development of Internet, people's life has been profoundly changed. Since the end of last century, some Chinese hospitals and universities have carried out some researches in this field. For example, the General Hospital of the People's Liberation Army (PLAGH) communicated and discussed some diseases with foreign experts through satellites. For example, some domestic hospitals use Bluetooth technology to monitor the ward room. In the same year, American scholar Jutra had founded teleradiology. Therefore, the word "Telemedicine" arose. At the end of the last century, the rapid development of semiconductor technology drove the revolution of information technology. This is the second stage of the development of WITMED. During this stage, information technology was connected with medical health care more closely. With the great improvement of the data transmission capability, rapid development in telemedicine consultation and distance transmission of medical images occurred  [4] . At this stage, telemedicine had made considerable progress. This is the third stage of the development of WITMED. Kumar establishes an enhanced shortcut tree routing-based geographic location (ESTRBGL) protocol  [7] . Haji Bagheri Fard present methods based on deep learning algorithms to achieve high classification accuracy  [8] . Zigbee has been implemented on the Health Care Profile. What's more, the coverage of 4G network and the transmission distance of WIFI are often easy to cause the loss of transmission data. (2) The problem of power consumption. (3) The problems of unitary monitoring data. Chronic diseases patients are always required to be monitored for multiple vital signs simultaneously. (4) The problem of data processing. Finally, the processed data will be sent back to patients and their family doctors. The traditional prevention and treatment greatly increase the economic cost and time cost of patients. The system architecture diagram is as follow: Fast and correct data acquisition is the basis of the platform's efficient operation. The process of reading and transmitting data is a loop. The data acquisition structure charts The related knowledge base in  Figure 3  can be regarded as an expert system. Data analysis roadmap is shown as follows: Therefore, it is obvious that the matching degree is a fraction smaller than 100%. Finally, the request is inserted into the message queuing sequence by the matching degree. Definition 2: let {X1, Y1}, {X2, Y2} is concept form of {X, Y}, {X2, Y2b {X1, Y1}. Definition 3: The concept similarity is calculated as:  formula_1 Patients' health information involves their privacy. Therefore, it is crucial to guarantee the security of data transmission in the process of information transmission. This system adopts AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) encryption algorithm which is widely used at present. The calculation is shown as  Figure 7 : Simulation and test show that the method adopted in this paper is correct. Compared with the data presentation at present, it is more intuitive. The intelligent system realizes data acquisition, data encryption and processing, and big data analysis.
paper_38	The study adopted the descriptive research design. Pearson Product Moment Correlation (PPMC) Coefficient and Multinomial Logistics Regression (MLR) were the statistics used to answer the four research questions used. Education is an essential issue regarding the development of any country in the world. It is a progressive development of knowledge and skills of examinees through stages of teaching and learning at various levels  [1] . The number of undergraduate population in Nigerian Universities has increased from 103 in 1948 to an estimated population of 600,000 in 2018  [4] . There have been various perspectives presented by researchers and psychologists about what is academic performance and its importance. The CGPA score takes into consideration students' tests, assignments, practicals, examinations and sometimes lecture attendance. Formula 1 is used for calculating the CGPA. As such, the CGPA is considered to be a good predictor indicator of a student's academic performance. The rest of this paper is organised as follows: section 2 is the review of related literature, section 3 presents the methodology, section 4 discusses the results obtained, and the last section presents the conclusion and recommendation. Over the years in Nigerian tertiary institutions, there has been rife with complaints about students' poor academic performance. The objectives of this study are to: i. Investigate the relationship between the students' performance of their entry qualification and the academic performance in the 100 level CGPA examinations. The following research questions directed the study: 1. It is a yardstick that is used to ascertain the competences of a student from which his abilities could be determined. There are a lot of definitions of students' performance based on previous works of literature. Reference  [9]  stated that students' performance could be obtained by measuring the learning assessment and co-curriculum. However, most of the studies mention graduation being the measure of students' success. Several studies have criticised the use of UTME and PUTME as an imperfect instrument for predicting academic performance of students. Reference  [11] , in his study, monitored the performance of science education students admitted through Post UME screening in 2005/2006 academic session. A sample of 214 students records was used for data collection. The records of students who graduated in the 2009/2010 and 2010/2011 academic sessions from seven faculties were obtained using the stratified random sampling technique. Their results revealed that the correlations coefficient between PUTME and CGPA for the four departments were negative/low, positive/low and positive/moderate coefficients. The author further recommended the need for the PUTME exercise to be strengthened to have a fruitful admission of candidates. He explained that there are two types of ex-post facto research designs namely the correlational and the casual comparative. The Faculty of Science consists of nine undergraduate B. Sc. The sample distribution is as shown in  Table 1 . The session with the largest sample size was 2014/2015 with 710 (21.8%) students. The semester examinations were mostly essay type questions. However, the OL results obtained from the database was for students admitted during 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 academic sessions. The total score for five relevant subjects in OL is then computed and coded together with the UTME and PUTME scores which are as shown in  Table 3 . The coding for the CGPA is also shown in  Table 4 . It was used in this research study. The data were regrouped and analysed by academic session and programme of study. PPMC is used to determine the degree of relationship between two sets of variables and compute the strength of association between the variables  [19] . There are three types of linear relationship that may exist between these two variables namely positive linear correlation, negative linear correlation and no correlation. In other words, MLR is used to predict a nominal dependent variable given one or more independent variables. MLR can have interactions between nominal and continuous independent variables to predict the dependent variable. The Pearson Correlation analysis was carried out to find out if there exists a strong positive correlation between OL and CGPA, UTME and CGPA and PUTME and CGPA. For the Computer Science programme, as shown in  Table 5 , the correlation coefficient indicated a low negative correlation in UTME-CGPA (-0.092) and PUTME-CGPA (-0.001) and a low positive correlation for OL-CGPA (0.072). Similarly, there exists a low negative correlation in UTME-CGPA (-0.082) and PUTME-CGPA (-0.038) and a low positive relationship in OL-CGPA (0.089) for the Mathematics programme. Table 6  is the likelihood ratio test results for the Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics degree programmes. Likelihood Ratio Tests is a statistical test of the goodness-offit between two models. Table 7  shows the results of the Parameter estimates, which is also called coefficients, for the Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) for each degree programme. For the Computer Science programme, the slopes (B) of OL in all the CGPA categories are positive. Besides, the slopes (B) of UTME in the CGPA categories of 'Pass' and '1 st Class' are positive while the rest are negative. Table 8  shows the summary of correlations coefficient between OL-CGPA, UTME-CGPA and PUTME-CGPA aimed at all the degree programmes for the academic sessions ranging from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015. PPMC was used to analyse the data for this research question. The summary of  Table 8  shows the correlations of OL and CGPA scores, UTME and CGPA scores and PUTME and CGPA scores for all the programmes used for the analysis. In the 2010/2011 academic session, the correlation coefficient indicated a low positive correlation in OL-CGPA (0.198), UTME-CGPA (0.189), and PUTME-CGPA (0.232). In 2011/2012, OL-CGPA (-0.114) and PUTME-CGPA (-0.043) display low negative correlation while UTME-CGPA (0.114) has low positive correlation. In 2013/2014, there exist a low positive association for OL-CGPA (0.061), UTME-CGPA (0.056), and PUTME-CGPA (0.038). The OL-CGPA (-0.071), UTME-CGPA (-0.090), and PUTME-CGPA (-0.040) in the 2014/2015 session signifies a low negative correlation. Table 9  is the likelihood ratio test results for all academic sessions ranging from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015. Table 10 , on the other hand, shows the results of the Parameter estimates for the MLR for each academic session. A Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) was performed to model the relationship between the predictors and membership in the CGPA categories for each academic session. Table 10 , the traditional 0.05 criterion of statistical significance was also used. For the students admitted during the 2010/2011 academic session, the slopes (B) of OL in all the CGPA categories are positive. Conclusively, the slope (B) of PUTME in the CGPA category of '3 rd Class' is positive and the rest negative. This indicates that the relative strength of UTME is higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' and the rest of the CGPA categories are negative which indicates otherwise. This predictor holds true especially for students who are in the CGPA category of '2 nd Class Lower' and '1 st Class' respectively.
paper_57	This paper attempts to overcome stagnation problem of Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithms. This problem has been addressed by Genetic operations (GO) incorporated into ACO framework. [2]  as Ant system (AS) algorithm. The aim is to find the shortest path. where ρ ∈ (0,1) is the pheromone persistence (1 -ρ is evaporation rate) and m is the number of ants. An ant in each node has to make a decision which arc to take. Let's mention ant colony system (ACS) with pseudo-random proportional rule  [3]  in which random uniformly distributed variable q ∈ (0,1) is compared with a tunable parameter formula_5 else the probability selection rule (3) is applied; random selection applied to AS rank  [4]  where random selection rate r is the probability of random selection and represents a user parameter which adjusts the balance between exploration and exploitation; prevention of quick convergence (i) and stagnation avoidance (ii) mechanisms applied to AS  [5] . If q ≥ p k ij (t), then choose the next node randomly. Genetic algorithms (GA) were proposed by  Holland (1975) . The original GA is known as simple genetic algorithm (SGA). Each component is adapted in order to provide feasible solution for ACO algorithm. The population size is given by the number of genomes, i.e. Mutation (ii) mimics random gene changes. If more such nodes occur, random selection is applied. If more of such nodes exist, random selection is applied. At first mutation is applied. If mutation is not feasible, another node is chosen. After all mutation operations are performed, crossover operations are applied. Parent strings are random selected. If crossover operation is not feasible, another second string is selected. Genetic operations do not have to be necessarily feasible. Feasibility of genetic operations depends on the graph and generated tours. The above described ACO GO algorithm has been tested on a random generated graph. Test graph is a symmetrical multi-graph with 80 nodes and 300 arcs  (Fig. The task is to find the shortest path between start node n s = 1 and end node n e = 80. For each setting 500 trials were performed. For better results representation three graphs are provided. To prevent interference, no mutation operation was allowed. The results vary  (Fig. 8) ; the highest output was gained for 60% of crossover rate. Beyond 60% threshold ants foraging behavior is suppressed by crossover overload. This is caused by the search space dimension. It is too large for ten ants to meet. GO does not affect the length of the search process. The mean value of the cycle when the best value was found is 109.081 with standard deviation 2.617. It has been proved that genetic operations increase ACO algorithm performance. Limit of crossover is 60% of crossover rate. Mutation operation causes better results than crossover operation. The higher amount of mutation operations the higher the performance gain is. No limit for amount of mutation operation was found during the simulation. The results are promising; GO improves ACO algorithm performance more than twice.
paper_78	Each formation has its own composition, structure, distribution range and environment, and all of them should be protected effectively. It is applicable in ecology because the description of ecological systems is not always possible in terms of a binary approach  [4] . Like licorice, most medicinal plants are harvested in the wild and the extended use has led to some medicinal species endangered and tending to be extinct, and the protection of such medicinal species has been urgent  [12, 13] . Classification is the process of dividing plots into clusters (communities) so that plots in the same cluster are as similar as possible, and plots in different clusters are as dissimilar as possible. The Fuzzy C-means clustering attempts to divide a finite collection of n elements (plots) formula_0 into a collection of C fuzzy clusters with respect to some given criterion. Given a finite set of data matrix (species × plots), the method calculates a list of C cluster centres  formula_1 formula_2 Where i = 1, 2, …, N = the number of plots; j = 1, 2, …, C = the number of clusters; U = {U ij } = the matrix of membership values, U ij is the membership of plot i in cluster j; V is a matrix of cluster centers; m is fuzzifier which determines the level of cluster fuzziness (1 ≤ m < ∞). (dA ij ) 2 is the distance index: formula_3 X i is the vector of attribute measurements in plots, usually a vector of ordination scores; V j is the centre of cluster j, if A is a unit matrix, then formula_4 Based on the algorithm above, the procedure of fuzzy C-means clustering is as follows: (1) Selecting a common ordination method, we use Detrended Correspondence Analysis (DCA), and do ordination analysis for species data. For a plot, any value can be given as its membership value in cluster j, but the sum of memberships for a plot must be equal to 1:  2  is calculated using equations (2) and (3). formula_5 formula_7 Based on the new membership values U, we go back to the fourth step and calculated the next turn V j , (dA ij )  2  and U ij iteratively, and until the membership values become approximately stable. Based on a general survey of Glycyrrhiza uralensis and its community distribution, five study regions, Chifeng (in inner Mongolia), Hengjinqi (in inner Mongolia), Minqin (in Ganshu), Aletai (in Xinjing) and Kashi (in Xinjing), were selected as sampling sites  [7] . Twenty plots of 5 m × 5 m were established randomly at each site which is over 40 ha in area. The coverage, mean height, individual number for shrub and herb species was measured in each plot. The community has a total cover of 75%, a shrub layer cover of 20% and an herb layer cover of 65%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 25% with a density of 3600 ha -1 . Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 5% and an herb layer cover of 70%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 35% with a density of 5700 ha -1 . The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 15% and an herb layer cover of 60%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 40% with a density of 59500 ha -1 . Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 65%, a shrub layer cover of 10% and an herb layer cover of 60%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 37% with a density of 4900 ha -1 . It is distributed from 350 to 650 m in hills with slope 15 -35° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. The community has a total cover of 60%, a shrub layer cover of 5% and an herb layer cover of 58%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 33% with a density of 5500 ha -1 . It is distributed from 400 to 700 m in hills with slope 10 -30° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. The community has a total cover of 75%, a shrub layer cover of 10% and an herb layer cover of 70%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 40% with a density of 6000 ha -1 . It is distributed from 400 to 750 m in hills with slope 15 -35° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 15% and an herb layer cover of 65%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 29% with a density of 4100 ha -1 . It is distributed from 400 to 800 m in hills with slope 20 -35° in sunny and semi-sunny slope and sandy soil. The community has a total cover of 80%, a shrub layer cover of 10% and an herb layer cover of 75%. The average cover of Glycyrrhiza uralensis in this community is 30% with a density of 4000 ha -1 . This study proved that fuzzy C-means clustering is fully usable in classification analysis of plant communities  [1, 19] . These further confirm that fuzzy C-means clustering is an effective technique in vegetation analysis  [28, 29] .
paper_96	With the rapid development of China's transportation, the frequency of traffic accidents is also high. This not only restricted the development of China's transportation greatly, but also threatened to people's safety seriously. In fact, this "warning system of embedded electronic guide dog avoiding obstacles" is similar to a car anti-collision avoidance system. In this way, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog has the following advantages. It has a simple design, and small volume, so that it is convenient to carry the "dog". Its operating system is thought from the perspectives of practical application, development tool, instantaneity, technical services, and price, etc. [3]  The alarm system of guide dog adopts the combination of light and sound. Sound will produce auditory stimulus for the blind. The hardware of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog can reference the Figure 1:  Figure 1 : Schematic diagram of hardware system structure  [4] The techniques of information collection are ultrasonic wave, laser, infrared ray, machine vision and interactive method. Information processing is mainly to analyze the collected information, usually using ARM, MCU and DSP microprocessor, etc. The full name of ARM is Advanced RISC Machines. It has a variety of merits, like small size, high performance, low power consumption, and cheap cost. It extensively uses the registers with a fast speed of instruction execution. And its way to addressing is much easier and more flexible, and its operating efficiency is high. Also, it could complete most of the data manipulation in the register. At present, the embedded RTOS (Real Time Operate System) mainly includes two categories--commercial and free. These are the most remarkable features that uCLinux owned. In addition, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also makes a full use of USB. The reference model is shown in  Figure 2 . of USB reference model  [4] The traffic safety problem of the blind is an urgent issue to solve. This humanized technology innovation is the embodiment of environmental science and technology aesthetics theory in the field of science and technology innovation practice.
paper_134	Olive oil is one of the most important agricultural crops due to its digestive properties and economic status. However, olive oil production is a costly process which causes an expensive price of the final product. Data mining takes advantage of the progress made in artificial intelligence and statistics. Detecting the purity of different materials can be done in a variety of ways  [3] . These methods are very damaging, costly and time-consuming. In recent years, nondestructive methods have been considered in purification. Dielectric properties are one of the most important physical properties of agricultural and food products. One of the main reasons for this low consumption is the high price of this oil. Also, processing of data and results were presented in fourth section  [11] . (2010) conducted a research on olive oil for detecting adulteration using a dielectric spectrum. They also used the partial least squares model (PLS) to detect oil falsification. In addition, PCA has been used to classify virgin oil samples, separately from fake oils. The results of the PLS calibration model showed good results for the adulterated oils with soybean oil as a counterfeit oil. Soltani et al (2010) used a non-destructive capacitive method to detect the amount of banana fruit juice. The relationship between the rates of fruit dielectric constant in a frequency of 1 kHz to 10 MHz was investigated. The results showed a significant difference between DC / DV ratio during storage period. The correlation coefficients and the mean square error of the statistical indexes were 0.98 and 0.0006, respectively. 70% of the data was for network training, 15% for validation and 15% for the network testing. In this study, a recent study has been carried out to identify the authentication of olive oil. In this article the experiment was done by olive, sunflower, Canola and corn oil. Samples of olive oil provided from Khorramshahr Oil Company and produced at Rudbar oil plant located in Manjil. The samples of sunflower oil, canola oil and corn oil which are known as adulterated oils were also obtained from national markets. The device used consists of the Arduino board, ICL8083 and AD8302. The USB port is used to communicate or send and receive information between the device and the computer. The Arduino board is used on the Uno device, which uses the Atmega2560 microcontroller. When the microcomputer's components are placed in a chip and put together, a microcontroller is created. One of the new ideas in identifying and categorizing patterns is a backup vector machine or SVM. In this study, coarse function was used to regression test data. Figure 4  shows response diagrams for adulterated samples of olive-sunflower, olive-canola, olive-corn. Figure 5  shows the results of adulterated oil boosted tree regression. The results were predicted and modeled using regression methods. In this study, Quadratic function was used to regression test data. In the current research, three different techniques were applied to predict olive oil adulterated.
paper_139	At the present time web contains many indistinguishable documents. Web mining is categorized into three group Web Content mining  [6] , Web structure mining, Web usage mining. Traditional web mining algorithms handle with structured document  [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15]  than the advanced methodology of mining algorithm can dealthe entire heterogeneous document comprises of images  [9] , graphs, videos  [16] , etc. A query is searched in a web search tool to recover some significant and required data for the client, either the search query is known or unintelligible to the client, it generally to reply with relevant data rather than redundant, however we can't guarantee that the reply for the query about the significance and redundancy. The Document retrieved must follow some constraints which have less time & space requirements, based upon the criteria the extracted web document must be preprocessed, for preprocessing & information selection, need to apply some techniques such as stop word removal, Stemming of word, phrasing, normalization of tokens. Step2: Pick the minimum degree vertex 'v' in the set-up and include in the set U. Step3:While U doesn't include all vertices Step3A: Include the entire isolated vertex which is adjacent to the vertex 'v' to U. Step3B: Find the adjacent vertex 'u' to 'v' which is not in U and has maximumdegree. Iterate throughall adjacent vertices if possible. Case I:Regular set-up Connected Regular Setup Case I: A Consider the following connected set-up G 1 in figure 2, having 12 nodes having 3 degree in all vertices along with redundant links. Now the set U consists of the nodes A, B. 4.2 Search the node B, the unvisited adjacent node is from B as 2 and 7. Now the set U consists of the nodes A, B, 2. After inclusion of the node 1 the set U consists of the nodes A, B, 2, 1. 4.4 Discover the node 1, the unvisited adjacent node is from 1 as only 3. Now the set U consists of the nodes A, B, 2, 1, 3. Also we observed derived linked graph need not be unique but this approach will provide the optimized cost analysis report in future in data science field.
paper_145	The present study was based on data collected from 900 respondents of both urban and rural areas of Bangladesh. Among them 44.3 percent were overweight and obese. Majority (70.6%) were diabetic patients. With the increase in age significant increase in prevalence rate of obesity was observed. Higher prevalence rate was also observed among housewives. Higher prevalence of obesity was noted among females. The prevalence of overweight and obesity has increased rapidly over the last decades especially in developed countries  [1] [2] [3] . In 2016 WHO estimated that globally approximately 1.9 billion adults (age > 20 years) were overweight and more than 650 million adults were obese  [4] . The major contribution of obesity is to lead the increase in the prevalence of chronic diseases and cancers  [7] [8] [9] [10] . Behavioral factors have significant effects on metabolic risk. The study was based on data collected from both urban and rural people of Bangladesh. The investigated diabetic patients were 544. The latter information were provided by the diabetic patients. The analysis was done by using SPSS [version 20.0]. The respondents were classified as underweight  [BMI < 20] , normal [BMI,  20 -25] , overweight [BMI < 30] and obese [BMI 30+]. Factor analysis was done to identify the factors for obesity. Obesity was observed among 15.3 percent people and overweight respondents were 34.0 percent. There were 58.9 percent males among the respondents and 47.2 percent of them were normal. However, compared to males more females were obese. Significant differences in proportions of obesity among the two religious groups were noted [P (χ2 ≥ 10.82)= 0.012]. However, there was significant differences in proportions of different levels of obesity among the two marital groups of respondents [P (χ2 ≥ 22.933) = 0.028]. Majority (52.9%) of the respondents were of age 50 years and above and 48.5 percent of them were normal [  Table 5 ]. The percentages of normal groups among the respondents of ages 25 -40 and 40 -50 were 35.5 and 36.6, respectively. Levels of obesity was significantly associated with levels of ages [P (χ2 ≥ 18.34) = 0.008]. Maximum normal group of respondents (53.8%) was observed among agriculturists. Maximum (25.5%) respondents of obesity was noted among housewives. The data indicated that 54.4% respondents had income less than 30,000.00 taka. Significant association was noted between the level of obesity and the level of income [P(χ2 ≥ 64.994) = 0.00]. Now, let us observe the association of level of obesity and prevalence of diabetes. Table 10  showed that 67.6 percent underweight respondents were affected by diabetes. With the increase in levels of body mass index [BMI] the rates of prevalence of diabetes were also increased. There was no significant association between level obesity and prevalence of diabetes [P(χ2 ≥ 0.851) = 0.837]. The present study also indicated similar result [  Table 11 ]. Among the smokers 47.2 percent were normal and 37.2 percent were overweight. The association between smoking habit and level of obesity was significant [P(χ2 ≥ 20.189) = 0.0.002]. This was done by factor analysis. These three variables were more important for the variation in the level of obesity. The coefficients of the components were presented in  Table 13 . These coefficients were observed from the first component. This component explained 25.733 percent variation in the data of obesity. This component explained 10.86 percent variation of the obesity. The respondents were investigated mostly by the doctors and nurses from their working places. Around 50 percent respondents were overweight and obese. Similar finding was also noted in another study  [21] . The prevalence of overweight and obesity were significantly associated with age, religion, education, occupation, marital status, income and smoking habit. Around 50.6 percent people of urban area were overweight and obese. They were classified as underweight (BMI <20), normal (BMI, 20 -<25), overweight (BMI, 25 -< 30) and obese (BMI = 30+). The percentages of these four groups of respondents were 7.6, 43.1.34.0 and 15.3, respectively. Most the respondents were in normal and overweight groups. In this study also higher prevalence of diabetes was observed among them. Among the respondents 84.1 percent were of the age 40 years and above and among them 42.8 percent were overweight and obese. c) Counseling is needed for the obese children and adolescents. The public health authority can play a decisive role for the above steps.
paper_212	Despite the spread of HIV/AIDS having been explored widely, not much literature is available on the Gillespie Algorithm based SIR model. We conclude that the simulated model reflects reality. On June 5, 1981 a mysterious disease was recognized among MSM in the USA. It was characterized by its etiological agent HIV in 1983,  [1] . A serological test, was then made available. In 1984, Robert Gallo discovered that HIV was responsible for AIDS. In 1984, several HIV and AIDS cases were documented in Kenya. This accounts for 4% of new pediatric infections worldwide. Among the expectant women there are 13,000 new HIV infections among children. There are various questions still left unanswered to date on the HIV epidemic. In 2010 several authors came up with a model to predict HIV transmission in China in 2002  [3] . In this model, there were no forms of intervention. The formulated model was used to forecast the number of PLWHA. The number of HIV infections in 2010 was predicted to approximately 1000000. The group comprising of the largest individuals predicted to be living with HIV/AIDS was approximately 650000. A stochastic differential equation SI model with demographic stochasticity has already been developed  [8] . They used the Milstein method to simulate for analysis. Other authors have made contributions to mathematical epidemiology by performing simulations that explain the process of disease spread. This study seeks to incorporate a stochastic aspect in the deterministic SIR epidemiological model. By contrast, in a deterministic process, there is no randomness  [12] . This will allow us to derive new insight from the analysis of the simulation of this SIR model. The transmission and infection rates were considered to be variant. All these aspects determine the quality of the inference drawn. The graphical representation of the developed stochastic model is shown;  Figure 1 . The stochastic SIR model. The assumption is that the population is finite and is sub-divided into categories of finite discrete compartments. Assuming that the resulting state is . A propensity function is the probability of one event occurring in the time interval ! Continuous-time Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. This implies the probabilities are individual therefore discrete. Discrete evolution is modelled in discrete time. Continuoustime Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. The data was obtained from NACC for HIV/AIDS cases. The means and variances of the simulated and natural data were computed. A stochastic SIR model was simulated with a mean step size of 0.006336446. 537 tau steps were made in the model. Curves produced are illustrated below. where C represents the variance of D The calculated value found was 64.958. The critical value was 47.4. Since the calculated value is greater than the critical value, the decision rule is to reject the null hypothesis. Therefore, the conclusion is that the simulated data model fits the natural data model. After simulating, values were produced by the algorithm for each time step. The simulated curves were compared to HIV/AIDS data. The simulated curves were found to resemble the data available in reality. Mathematical modeling is an area that requires more research.
paper_214	To create simulation envolves changing strategic economical indicators and keeping restrains on others so they reflect reality and the business environment. Objectives of decision-making process aimed at adopting the best solution from many possible alternatives. Optimizing the use of a certain class of models for finding the best solutions. Among the methods most commonly used are decision analysis and mathematical programming  [1, 2] . Decision analysis applies to situations which have a relatively small number of alternative solutions. Each alternative are attached estimates and probabilities of achievement. Solving the problem is to build decision tables or decision trees, from which it selects the best alternative. Apply mathematical programming problems which lead to the formalization of a mathematical relationship between decision variables and purpose. The simulation, conducted testing process is carried out using computers on a defined pattern  [2, 6] . It is the only method that can be applied to unstructured problems. data model can be used in the construction of real observations (numerical values) or knowledge. These are translated into algorithms which are executed by a computer system. This led to consideration of simulation as one of the most powerful tools in decision making. Simulation becomes a technical coordination of procedures using the computer. The solution offered is one spot that has no counterpart in the real system. In the first case, the user is provided customized views of data stored by performing a diverse set of operations on transactional data. The decident system uses a dialog interface with the key users of the company, enabling connectivity and communication between networks with different topologies and areas. Based on patterns defined by an efficient simulation can generate alternatives. Intuition, creativity and experience allow decision-makers compare alternatives; predict outcomes of each alternative separately. After the final resolution of the model, select the best alternative is chosen implementation plan. The assessment in turn depends on the search method. Structural problems use mathematical formulas and analytical method to achieve an optimum solution. In order to improve efficiency the best solution search algorithms are used. Methods called heuristics, based on a thorough analysis of the issue. Basically successive tests are performed, the search progressing from a solution to another. Implementation is the phase that involves the integration model chosen solution in context and simulating the real system. Personal data is data that relates to the behavioral aspects of decisionmakers in making decisions. The data source, internal or external, data is extracted and managed by a management database. The management of the database depends on the organization of data. The data dictionary is a catalog of all data from the database. It contains data definitions, data sources and their intrinsic significance. The data dictionaries are permitted operations to add new data, deletion or retrieval of existing information according to certain criteria. The SQL language is used, which accepts requests for data from other systems. It is the component that differentiates interactive decision support systems to other systems. The models are domain-specific and models can be classified into strategic, tactical and operational models models. The models are used currently in operational and transactional system that aims of the organization. In building a data warehouse is based on the analysis of data. Extract information in order to obtain information for decision making. Basically there are two steps: designing and populating data. Conceptual models are multidimensional and designed to organize data necessary decision-making process on issues.
paper_216	The Black-Scholes model is a well-known model for hedging and pricing derivative securities. Amongst the non-parametric approaches used to improve the accuracy of the model in this study is the Wavelet-based pricing model. The study was carried out using simulated stock prices of 1024 observations. Derivatives are instruments whose value depend on an underlying asset. Derivatives includes; Forwards, futures, options and swaps. The ones traded on the exchange are standardized and regulated. An option is a type of derivative that gives the option holder the right but not obligation to buy or sell an underlying security at a specified price, at any time on or before a given date in the future as agreed on. According to the right to sell or to buy, we distinguish the two types of options. The holder of a call option has the right but not obligation to buy the underlying security at a specified price, at a specified time in the future. The holder of a put option has the right but not the obligation to sell underlying security under some predefined terms of an agreement which includes; strike or exercise price, maturity date and option volume. The Monte Carlo method, which is based on repeated computation and random sampling can be used for pricing American options  [1] . In the Kenyan market, derivatives are yet to be developed. This study therefore prices a European option using two nonparametric methods and a parametric method. The Wavelet based pricing model is another nonparametric method alternative used to price derivatives  [4] . The implied risk neutral moment-generating functions (MGF) is estimated by the wavelet method. This method only requires a reasonable amount of data (different strikes) and is very efficient, unlike other non-parametric methods which requires large amount of data. This research therefore compared the performance of Wavelet based pricing model and Black-Scholes model in the valuation of a European option. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows: Section 2 discusses the existing literature; Section 3 presents an overview of the Black-Scholes model and Wavelet based pricing model. Lastly, section 5 concludes the study. The simple closed form solution of European options was derived during the financial crisis  [2] . The de-noising ability of wavelets was also recognized in  [7] . European options can also be priced using the Shannon wavelet  [14] . is the cumulative distribution function. As it has been seen from the reviewed literature, this model is a new method in the field of finance. Based on some general assumptions like independent and identically distribution (iid) for asset returns and that the moment generating function is defined well, the wavelet based pricing model can be expressed as follows; formula_1 Where, t is the current time, is the underlying asset price at time t, # $ is the time t price for a European call option written on asset, K is the strike price and T is the future maturity date. ( is the bilateral inverse Laplace transform. Interest rate r is assumed to be constant. This needs to be approximated by wavelets. This function also emulates the probability density function of asset returns. To estimate the risk neutral MGF of the return per unit time, we use the Franklin hat function f (t) expressed as; In this study Monte Carlo simulation was used to generate 1024 stock prices. This is evident from the values of the RMSE and MSE, whereby MSE of wavelet model is lower than that of Black-Scholes model. Moreover, hedging performance may be evaluated with respect to each of the two models.
paper_219	This paper introduces a framework to determine data quality on enterprise networks for net-centric and net-ready initiatives as introduced by the US Department of Defense (DoD). Traditionally quality of data delivered to an enterprise user focuses on network performance, i.e. quality of service (QoS). The QDS attribute brings distinction to the resultant data quality of the network's quality of service. The DR attribute is introduced; it is important in enabling enterprise data consumers to sort, filter and prioritize data. There is also a need to assess the quality of data sharing across the enterprise network. The resultant minimax value correlates to the lowest performing attributes of the framework. The presented framework offers decision support tools to enable agencies to allocate limited resources towards improving the performance of their net-centric service offerings to the enterprise network. That same data abundance challenges the network capacity and overloads the capacity of the human operator. All of this is in addition to the historical problems of network management and quality of service. When discussing the theoretical, it is easy to dismiss the challenges of limited resources to implement new policies such as schedule, budget, manpower, etc. Traditional QoS expects prioritization has occurred prior to data entering the network. The value of data quality can be used to indicate the priority of data delivery to the consumer. Section 2 of this paper provides a brief overview of the origins of net-centric and net-ready policies. Section 3 defines a new model for valuing the quality of data by measuring user satisfaction. The attributes in the new model represents data quality of the enterprise system within three contexts: net-centric measures, traditional network quality of service, and cyber-security. To satisfy the attribute of entered and managed on the network, the IT connections to external networks required to perform net-centric operational tasks must be identified  [3] . The identification of the connections must be specific (i.e. Evaluation of the data sharing enterprise requires a holistic view that considers the net-centric attributes of the data simultaneously with the quality of service for the data network. The subjective measure of overall user-satisfaction of a service or application is referred to as quality of experience (QoE)  [9] . Sampling users is the preferred and direct method for measuring QoE. The question arises how to get the users' opinions. Usually the MOS is formed from arithmetic mean of a population of user opinions. develop or enhance the prediction model of QoE for each attribute. For a sample of size n consider v strata with sample s k in each stratum, i.e. ∑ i=1 to v n i = n and s = U k=1 to v s k . where n ≤ N and s = {1, 2,…, n}. Where it is not easy to design a stratified sampling plan a stratification post collection of n samples without replacement can be constructed. The QDS takes into account the effects of environmental conditions on sensor performance for given design parameters. QDS is a subjective rating from the perspective of the end user  [11] . But cost and time to use panels of experts to assess MOS has resulted in seeking alternative approaches. Full reference PESQ is formed by taking the speech codec output and comparing it with the original signal inputted into the codec  [13] . A standard to address the rating of motion imagery (i.e. Over the last several decades there have been many papers on the topic of QoS. But just for completeness a brief explanation of QoS is given here. User satisfaction is traditionally associated with network metrics: delay, jitter, throughput, packet loss, order preservation. And the service level agreement (SLA) is the users' agreement with network provider(s) on acceptable ranges for the metrics. User-satisfaction provides a true gauge of a network QoS  [11]  and the subjective assessment of that satisfaction is provided by QoE. However there are a number of challenges to QoE discussed in  [19]  and  [20] . To understand cause and effect it is ideal to have the full reference i.e. As stated in  [20]  QoE is likely to be biased by negative responses, tendency to higher responses from unhappy consumers. These models of QoE based on QoS objective measures are often referred to as "QoE\QoS" correlators  [21]  and  [12] . Models have been developed to correlate the QoS with QoE for multimedia applications  [12] . A number of authors  [12, 15] The measure of data relevance expresses the utility provided by the data towards the consumer's objective(s). A scalar measure is required to support evaluating the degree of relevance on the enterprise performance. Intrinsic data relevance represents the relative value (i.e. QoE) that the data would provide to the consumer assuming perfect discovery and delivery. Enterprise data systems can offer multiple forms of data to the consumer (e.g. The data's spatial properties relate to the location of the data collection sensor relative to the target of interest (e.g. metadata) with those of the producer. We first discuss the design philosophy for the overall assessment of the data quality for the enterprise: (1) The enterprise data quality is determined by the attribute with the lowest user satisfaction (QoE). Alternatively the data relevance user satisfaction to match the other attributes can be improved. In game theory, the minimax value of a player is the smallest value that other players can force without knowing the player's actions. Consider a simple example in  Table 1  to illustrate the minimax in a game theory context. DR subspace could consist of parameters to measure objectively various properties and elements of data relevance, e.g. f d (s) = u HT . The x-axis of the chart in  Fig. 3  is organized to reflect the connection between QDS and QoS. The final enterprise data quality, as shown in  Fig. 3 , as formula_6 In  Fig. This paper introduced a framework to determine data quality on enterprise networks for DoD net-centric and net-ready initiatives. The final value of data quality for the enterprise network was demonstrated as the attribute with the lowest score. The paper notes the definition of the relationships between attribute's objective measures and the final quality of experience. In particular QoS objective measures for audio can be used to predict the QoE as an alternative to conducting surveys.
paper_241	Transformers are the key equipment in electrical power transmission. C transmission, power transformer is one of the most important equipment. It is expensive uninterrupted and desired to be kept in good condition always to have supply. The system is capable of sustaining a variety of environmental and operating impacts that resemble normal operating conditions which may include lightning striking the transmission lines, excessive loading, deterioration or breakdown of the equipment insulation resulting to power systems experiencing occasional faults such as phase to phase or phase to ground faults, over current, over voltage or even temperature based faults. differential current) and can be prevented using differential protection and microcontroller based relay protection. The Differential current protection scheme is based on the principle that the input power to the transformer under normal condition is equal to the output power and is concerned with having a differential or balanced current between the primary and secondary side which would be digitally displayed  [2] . The protection techniques employed differential relay mechanism with Arduino. At all times, the Arduino senses the condition of the transformer. A power transformer functions as a node to connect two different voltage levels  [3] . The output power in a transformer is equal to that of the input power hence, for differential current protection of the current transformers reduces the currents at the primary and secondary sides to a measureable value and in such a way that they are equal  [5] . It is transient in nature so it lasts for just a few seconds and does not cause any permanent damage to the transformer. The power transformer to be protected is connected to the main AC supply and delivered power (P=IV) to the output terminal. The power transformer primary and secondary currents are measured by the current transformers, which are to be protected by the Arduino and the circuit breaker. The step-down transformer is used to step down the primary or source voltage from 220 to 12V. The Arduino microcontroller acts as differential current comparator connected to both current sensors ACS712 and as control unit in this design. The LCD display is used to display the differential current values of the transformer and to display the voltage and current level of the system as well. The following table shows the result from the conditions of the system From the test carried out, it was observed that the current values gotten from the primary and secondary side of the system in Faulty conditions were larger than that gotten in Normal conditions and also the current difference were also larger for Faulty than Normal condition.
paper_251	Cloud computing is associated with a new paradigm for the provision of computing infrastructure and services. However different users have different requirements of computational power and application and systems software. Advancement of electronics and telecommunication field has done the job. Various requirements require numerous specialized devices (CPU, storage etc.) Secondly most of the resources are idle i.e. According to the Lewis Chunningham  [20]  "Cloud computing is the internet to access someone else's software running on someone else's hardware in someone else's data center". Cloud offers instant service (software, platform or infrastructure) to requisite dynamically. In the cloud computing. They are able to communicate i.e. social in nature, mobile i.e. autonomous and distributive in nature. Codenvy -To develop an / are application i.e. SaaS (Software as a service). For the proposed system an java web application using JSP (Java Server pages) application has been chosen to develop on to the codevnySaaS cloud service provider. Platform as a Service (PaaS). For this Cloudbees service provider has been integrated onto the developed SaaS application. New Relic -To develop the core functionality of the proposed system. monitoring and scheduling using software agent New Relic service has been subscribed. In this the java agent has been customized to meet the monitoring and scheduling of the SaaS services. These are following 1. Service scheduling delay 2. Better Provisioning of the SaaS 4. Detail Objective of the proposed agent based SaaS Service. For SaaS development Codenvy has been subscribed. In which jsp based application has been develop and deployed on cloudbees PaaS. Cloud bees service integrating a SaaS deployment on it and delivering through agent. Measuring the performance of the proposed analytical approach (influenced from Aneka) in cloud services such as public Cloud bees. Model for Proposed Work Our proposed work is to schedule and monitor cloud SaaS application onto the cloud and evaluate the performance of the same using proposed agent based. Number of tasks submitted at instant i (Ni) 2. Time to execute the task 3. Response time is same as to average utilization ratio in addition to CPU usages. Hence proposed system performs better than  [2]  and any other methods as shown in figure 3. The developed java web application (SaaS) has been developed with the help of codenvy SaaS developed platform.
paper_272	Parameters of a vacuum interrupter are essential. A more exact name would be metal vapor arc inside vacuum electroplate. J=2*10 6 (A/m 2 ) Joule heating as thermionic emission Where Ø is the thermionic work function. K is Boltzmann's constant (1.37x10-23 Joules/K) The constant A is approximately 6x10 5 for most metals The total above processing time was measured by Harris approximately (20-250µs)  [15] . A high frequency current governed by the circuit parameters flows. Restrike overvoltage due to the multiple re-ignition of circuit breaker when a switching interrupter process is initiated before current zero. Although the current in the vacuum interrupter can chop to zero almost instantaneously (fraction of a microsecond), the current in the load inductance-3ph coils in the power transformer cannot attain zero value instantaneously. These two high frequency transients and the voltage loop are associated with the current chop and the immediate re ignition of current. We note that the only parameter involved is η. So that a family of generalized curves can be drawn from equation  4 for different values of η with dimensionless quantity -t`, as abscissa. This has been done in Figure. Where η =0.5, the sine function changes from a circular to a hyperbolic function. We might have developed the curves for this condition, following the same argument. Suppose Vo =13.8√2 KV So. Zo = √L/C = 5X104 ohms η. The curve labelled η=2 in  figure 5  gives the shape of the current we are looking for. The ionization electroplates zone will be evaluated between (20us -250 us) respectively. Chopping current times (400us-800us). Transient over-voltages (450us -480us-500us).
paper_294	The cultural heritage of any people can be redressed through the preserved cultural values tangibly stored and preserved in media and forms retrievable and usable. Audiovisual heritage are quite essential that the public library system must not afford to elude its storage not only for users but also for posterity. Cassava has played an important role as a staple crop in the feeding of the Tiv people. Cassava is the principal source of dietetic food energy for a significant portions of world populace particularly those living in the lowland tropics, and much of the sub-humid tropics. Incidentally, cassava is the sixth most important crop after wheat, rice, maize, potato and barley and is the primary staple for more than 800 million people in the world and it plays a crucial food security role to the populace due to the fact that its matured edible roots can be left in the ground for up to 36 months. The study sampled 377 out of the population of 20,000. However, the public library failed to acquire and store audiovisual materials on these management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava; information that would have been used for improving and reducing postharvest losses of cassava by farmers. The cultural heritage of any people can be redressed through the preserved cultural values tangibly stored and preserved in media and forms retrievable and usable. The photographs people take, videos they shoot, speeches and music they record, capture in bits, every moment of their life, culture, event and times that inevitably speak volumes of their history. It is a legacy that people would want to impart to their grandchildren, so that the next generation would have the opportunity to understand their heritage. Audiovisual heritage are quite essential that the public library system must not afford to elude its storage not only for users but also for posterity. Cassava has played an important role as a staple crop in the feeding of the Tiv people. Moreover, the public library should also ensure that the host communities and users are met with their particular information needs; but if this is not done, then the aim of establishing such libraries will be defeated. Cassava is the principal source of dietetic food energy for a significant portions of world populace particularly those living in the lowland tropics, and much of the sub-humid tropics. Incidentally, cassava is the sixth most important crop after wheat, rice, maize, potato and barley and is the primary staple for more than 800 million people in the world and it plays a crucial food security role to the populace due to the fact that its matured edible roots can be left in the ground for up to 36 months. Specifically, the study sought to: 1. storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. What are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? They are the venue through which the overall information resources are made freely available to all (Edoka, 2000; Assoh, 2011; Shidi, Aju & Ashaver, 2014). Information processing and retrieval are the core aims and objectives of librarianship, which warrants adequate coverage at all levels of education and above all service to all users both learned and non-learned. Apparently, in order to achieve this mission, public libraries preserve a variety of information materials including print materials such as books, monographs, serials and periodicals; and non-print materials such as audio or audiovisual materials such as cassettes, microfiche and films among others. The Tiv people used to make a ridge round their houses and plant cassava on it; and when the cassava grew up, it became a cassava fence surrounding the house. Agber (2007)  reported that a variety of cassava species are found in the Benue Basin including Aiv-kpenga, Pavnya (pronounced Panya) and Imande; and that Panya was discovered by a Tiv hunter called Adaga from Gaav Megaclan of the Tiv in about 1794 according to oral history. Postharvest priorities across the globe have evolved considerably over the past four decades, from being exclusively technical in their outlook, to being more responsive to consumer demand. Consumer-driven trends which have contributed to this shift include rising incomes in urban areas, changing dietary habits, more women in the work-place, reduced time for meal preparation and growing demand for safety, quality and convenience  (Rolle, 2006) . The food need not be removed any great distance from the harvest site, but it must be separated from the medium that produced it by a deliberate human act with the intention of starting it on its way to the table. Essentially, cassava postharvest losses can be defined as both the physical losses such as weight and quality suffered during postharvest handling operations of cassava and the loss of opportunities as a result of inability of producers to access markets or only lower value markets. Cassava has a short lifespan after harvest and as a result, the Tiv people process it into various forms for easy storage as a stratagem for postharvest loss management. Slicing the cassava, sun drying and burning it into ashes known as Mtuhem (Base) and 5. The study adopted a survey design, which is the type of design that enables the researcher to collect data from a group of people through questionnaire, interview or observation techniques for the purpose of analysis and subsequent interpretation. These are the Benue state Library Board Headquarters in Makurdi and its branches in Gboko, Vandeikya, Katsina-Ala, Gungur, Aliade and Adikpo with about 33 workers  (Mngutyô & Amaakaven, 2013) . They used the Fish Bowl Technique by writing Yes and No for the respondents to choose and those who chose Yes were finally given questionnaire to respond to it. Section C also consisted of 7 variables of ways public library has impacted on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava and Section D consisted of 5 variables of challenges faced by public libraries in acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava in Benue state. The 19 item questionnaire adapted a 4 point rating scale and respondents were asked to respond by ticking the correct or applicable responses (SA) strongly agree, (A) agree, (D) disagree and (SD) strongly disagree. Consequently, for the cassava farmers who had no western education, the research assistants read the questionnaire to their hearing and gave interpretation in Tiv language, and the options they selected were ticked for them. Data were analyzed using mean and standard deviations. The collected data were analyzed using mean and standard deviation. Demographically, data were collected from 680 Library Staffs, Cassava Farmers and Library Users, out of which 348 were male representing 51.2% while 332 representing 48.8% were female. Apparently, 28 representing 4.1% were library staffs, 376 representing 55.3% were cassava farmers and 276 representing 40.6% were library users. The collected data were analyzed and presented in  Table 1 . This means that peeling the cassava, slicing it and sun drying known as Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), peeling the cassava, slicing, sun drying it and grinding into flour known as Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it and frying known as Gari Akom, slicing the cassava, sun drying and burning it into ashes known as Mtuhem (Base), peeling the cassava, fermenting, sieving and squeezing it into lumps known as Akpu, peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it, mixing with salt and other ingredients and frying with palm or groundnuts oil known as Kweesi or Akweesa Akom and peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing and sieving the starch and preparing it for food as Kamu Akom are the management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. What are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? The collected data were analyzed and presented in  Table 3 . This implies that lack of adequate funding to facilitate acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on various aspects of indigenous knowledge, inadequate technical knowledge and skills of staffs, lack of adequate staffs, lack of Policy Statement on the acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv indigenous knowledge such as management of postharvest losses of cassava, and lack of initiative on the part of library management to make attempts to acquire and store audiovisual materials on various forms of indigenous knowledge are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. Findings from the study based on the result in  Table 3  showed that lack of adequate funding to facilitate acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on various aspects of indigenous knowledge, inadequate technical knowledge and skills of staffs, lack of adequate staffs, lack of Policy Statement on the acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv indigenous knowledge such as management of postharvest losses of cassava, and lack of initiative on the part of library management to make attempts to acquire and store audiovisual materials on various forms of indigenous knowledge are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. However, the public library failed to acquire and store audiovisual materials on these management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava; information that would have been used for improving and reducing postharvest losses of cassava by farmers. Management of public libraries should also ensure that initiatives on going from one community to another to record and shot films on indigenous knowledge are in place. Importantly, if public library has acquired and stored audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava, cassava farmers would have accessed these information materials to improve on various ways of managing postharvest losses of cassava in Benue State of Nigeria. The study concludes that public library must make it a point of duty to start acquiring, storing and preserving information materials on indigenous knowledge, particularly in audiovisual format, since this is the only way the library will be useful to the host communities.
paper_298	The study investigated the awareness and use of library catalogue for accessing information resources by users of Federal University of Kashere (FUK) Library. Four research questions guided the study. The instrument used for data collection was questionnaire. Data generated was analyzed using simple percentage and descriptive statistics. In effect, the respondents use card catalogue regularly compared to the OPAC. Majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. Poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. The library ensures that the resources acquired are well organized to allow easy access by the library users  [1] . Overall majority of respondents 80% satisfied with OPAC functionality  [4] . Students' skills in search catalogue can be created through library tours, orientations, seminars, lectures, library staff, handbooks and use of library studies. Kumar revealed that 26.99% respondents use the OPAC fortnightly and 22.84% weekly. The author attributed the reason for the poor usage to lack of user education programme  [9] . In essence, students use the catalogue to enable them conduct research in the library. It is on this note that this study investigates the use of library catalogue by undergraduate student in the university library. Therefore, the study investigates the access and use of library catalogue by students of Federal University of Kashere, Gombe State. The study is designed to achieve the following objectives: a. To find out the students awareness about library catalogue as access point to library collection. To find out methods employ by students to consult library catalogue to search for information resources. c. To ascertain the extent of use of the library catalogue by students to access information resources. d. To identify the constraints associated with the use of library catalogue. The study is designed to answer the following research questions: a The survey research method was adopted for the study, and questionnaire was the instruments use for collecting data. Thus, 272 respondents were selected for the study based on 95% confidence level and 5% confidence interval of Sample Size Calculator. The completed and returned questionnaires were analyzed using descriptive statistics, percentage and frequency distribution. The gender breakdown is presented on  Table 1 . The question on the demographic information of the respondents was on gender presented in  Table 1 . It shows that majority of the respondents 188 (69%) were male, followed by females 84 (31%). This shows that majority of library users in the Federal University of Kashere Library were male. Table 2  revealed that majority of the respondents 262 (96.3%) were aware of the existence of the library catalogue in the university library. 26 (10%) of the respondents were aware of the existence of OPAC as a retrieval tools in the library. Their responses were presented in the  Table 4  below. Table 5  indicated that majority of the respondents 158 (60%) used the library catalogue regularly when searching for materials in the library. 24 (9%) of the respondents never used the catalogue but they were aware of it existence in the library as indicated on table 2 above. Total  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  100  10  20  0  0  6  12  28  56  6  12  0  0  50  200  10  23  6  14  10  23  16  36  2  5  0  0  44  300  10  19  6  11  14  26  12  22  6  11  6  11  54  400  14  25  0  0  36  64  6  11  0  0  0  0  56  500  2  3  0  0  54  93  2  3  0  0  0  0  58  Total  46  18  12  5  120  46  64  24  14  5  6  2  262  The finding indicated poor use of OPAC 12 (5%) at the university library. The study found that majority of the respondents were aware of library catalogue in the library including OPAC  [12] . Lack of skills could discourage users from using the catalogue. It could be concluded that majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. The results are presented in  Table 8 . Table 8  focused on the challenges associated with catalogue use for information retrieval. Higher number of the respondents indicated poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC 96 (37%) and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available 58 (22%) were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. ICT skill is needed by the respondents to be able to browse the library OPAC. This finding corroborates with that of Ogbole & Morayo which revealed that (41.1%) of the respondents rarely use OPAC. The study revealed that majority of the university library users were male. It could be concluded that majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. Another source of frustration was reasonable number of the respondents indicated poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools.
paper_305	Mitigation of credit risk is a key aspect of portfolio management in any financial institution. In this paper, we report on the results of a MSc. Loans constitute the cornerstone of the banking industry's financial portfolios. The performance of loan contracts in good standing guarantees profitability and stability of a bank. Generally, bank loan officers rely on traditional methods to guide them in evaluating the worthiness of loan applications. Furthermore, a loan officer's credit decision or recommendation for loan worthiness is subjective. Generally, loan application evaluations are based on a loan officers' subjective assessment. Therefore, a knowledge discovery tool is needed to assist in decision making regarding the application. Further, the study champions the use of open source software tools in business intelligence applications. The development of machine learning models and tools has been welcomed as one of the most exciting in business settings. This calls for the use of more efficient and effective loan screening tools and procedures. Automated techniques have progressively become popular in contemporary loan appraisal processes. These techniques have been found to outperform earlier approaches leading to increased competitiveness. Boosting is one of the most important recent developments in classification methodology. Further, they suggested an improvement to the model by introducing a graphical interface for the loans officer. A decision stump is a decision tree with only a single root node. It works as follows: 1. Looks at all possible thresholds for each attribute 2. In this study, 'majority voting' was adopted for combining hypothesis from different learners. Figure 1  illustrates the combination criterion. The implementation detailed lay in the use of a logistic regression that models the posterior class probabilities Pr (G = k|X = x) for the K classes. The model was specified in terms of K −1 log-odds that separate each class from the base class K. Train all K decision stumps iii. Select the single best classifier at this stage iv. Combine it with the other previously selected v. classifiers vi. Reweight the data vii. Learn all K classifiers again, select the best, combine, viii. Repeat until you have T classifiers selected The development platform used for this project mainly included the following open source software products: The model was built using the training dataset and tested using three strategies. We report on cross validation as under. Separate data into fixed number of partitions (or folds) ii. Classify and obtain performance metrics. v. Classify until each partition has been used as the test set. Calculate an average performance. This strategy relies on two separate files, one for training and the other for testing. This gives an accuracy of 19/20=95% Class =Accept: The number of correctly classified instances is 12 and that of instances classified as belong to the class is 13. This gives a precision value of 7/7=1 Class =Accept: The number of correctly classified instances is 12 and the number of instances belonging to the class is 12. This gives a recall value of 7/8=0.88  Figure 2 . Test Split ROC graph P(true | false) calculated as 1-d/c+d The ROC area has the following indicators: . Indicates a perfect prediction .
paper_310	We are now living in the 21 st century. Now, smart phone has become the most essential thing in our daily life. Here we are using Bluetooth communication, interface microcontroller and android application. We are using Arduino software to interface the Bluetooth module with microcontroller. Here we use mainly Arduino UNO (ATMEGA 328P), Bluetooth module (HC-05). The controlling device of the whole system is a Microcontroller. Bluetooth module, DC motors are interfaced to the Microcontroller. Still there exists a requirement of a cost-effective automation system, which will be easy to implement. b) Develop a robot which will be helpful for travelling. f) Hardware of this project consists of Arduino UNO, Bluetooth module and a motor driver IC. g) The Bluetooth module is connected with the Arduino UNO board for the connection with the user. Microcontroller will act as the brain of the robot. The robot movement will be decided by the microcontroller. In this system we will be using microcontroller named Arduino UNO which contains ATMEGA 328P microcontroller chip (  Figure 1 ). The microcontroller is programmed with the help of the Embedded C programming. Cprogram is very easy to implement for programming the Arduino UNO. Bluetooth module will give the commands given by smart-phone to the microcontroller. The smart phone is the transmitter of this circuit. It sends the data to microcontroller through Bluetooth module. Motor driver IC is used to control the dc motors. Here we use programming language 'C' for coding. The program for executing this project has been written in C language. The program is burnt in the microcontroller using burner software. There are two steps of the programming. First set up section where we define all the variables. The working principle is kept as simple as possible. The working principle of the circuit has been elaborated with the help of a block diagram, of the system interconnection as shown in  Figure 6 . As seen from the  Figure 6 . A DC power supply is required to run the system. The DC power supple feeds the Microcontroller and the Bluetooth module. Hardware of this project consists of Arduino UNO, Bluetooth module and a motor driver IC. The Bluetooth module is connected with the Arduino UNO board for the connection with the user. The functions of the given instructions are operated by the microcontroller. The instructions are sent by the smart phone. We can easily control the movements of the dc motor. Here we are using four 12 V, 200 R.P.M DC motors and a 9 V DC battery as main power supply of this system. The robot can be used for surveillance.
paper_333	There are several issues and diseases which try to decline the yield with quality. This study presented a general process model to classify a given Enset leaf image as normal or infected. This diagnosis apply K-means clustering, color distribution, shape measurements, Gabor texture extraction and wavelet transform as key approaches for image processing techniques. The government committed 15% to 17% of expenditures to the sector; it covers 41% of gross domestic product (GDP), over 90% of export value and directly supports 80% of the populations' livelihoods  [1] . There are several issues and diseases which tries to decline the yield with quality. As a matter of facts, visual or manual detections may have defects in terms of accuracy in detection along with lower precision. There is a potential need for technology supported alternative systems to support the manual identification of Enset crop diseases so as to optimize the accuracy for remedial action. If the Enset crop diseases can be minimized then definitely the production will significantly be increased to contribute to the country's economy towards a new boost. Therefore, the implementation of IT based solution in the sector will have a paramount importance to facilitate the activities such as economic, social and ecologic development in the country by increasing efficiency in both quality and quantity of Enset crops production, to sustain dependability of customer preferences and to preserve the ecology  [2] . In our country few researchers found the promising solutions to different plant diseases diagnosis such as maize, rose flower, coffee and others using computer vision and machine learning techniques  [3, 4, 5] . Experimental results are reported in Section IV. Section V presents the conclusion and discusses of future works. The occurrence, distribution and the incidence level also indicated to vary from one Enset-growing locality to the other. Figure 2  shows the architecture of the proposed system A. Dataset Partitioning The images of the dataset are collected from different parts of southern Ethiopia. Those images are collected by using a digital camera and some of them are collected from secondary sources like research centers which collects pictures for visual inspection of Enset disease. Test Result For the experimentation a total of fifteen experimental setups which is color, texture morphological and a combination of each and a multiclass Kernel support vector machine model: Linear Kernel, polynomial Kernel, RBF kernel and Quadratic Kernel was used. From the figure it is shown that the RBF kernel classifier has classified the given enset image in its correct class category by 94.04% and 92.44% respectively. We designed a system which can detect Enset disease automatically and this will help the farmers to detect the diseases in its early stage and to take relevant action. If there is a shortage of experts in the area of those disease identification the system is going to be a replacement for the experts.
paper_389	In this paper, a large number of experiments have been carried out using conditional random fields. The experimental corpus has been tested by Changjiang Daily for many years. Peng F establishes a Chinese character segmentation model based on CRF. Common Chinese character tagging method is based on the Chinese characters appear in the words of different locations marked different labels. Therefore, Chinese word segmentation method has become a frequently used method to study word segmentation. Enter the sentence as "This is Wuhan." 3, Mark B can only be followed by the mark I. The following  Table 1, Table 2 ,  Table 3  is used in the experiment some of the characteristics of the template. Table 2 and Table 3  are two new feature templates. Secondly, feature extraction is carried out to generate training corpus and test corpus which can be recognized by CRF model tool. Using the CRF model generated by the training, the test corpus is tested and a prediction result is obtained. Finally, the evaluation program is used to evaluate the prediction results and get the evaluation results. The main corpus used in this paper is the training corpus and test corpus of Changjiang Daily. The corpus is from 1950 to 2005, and the scale is 2564168000 sentences. The coding method is GB code. The corpus content mainly comes from newspaper news. The format consists of a sentence segment consisting of words marked with spaces. The performance of a word segmentation system mainly depends on two aspects: segmentation precision and word segmentation speed. The performance of Chinese automatic word segmentation is evaluated by the following three indexes: correct rate (P), recall rate (R) and F value. Where, P refers to the accuracy of word segmentation; R refers to the word recall rate; F value refers to the P and R integrated value. The main factors that affect the speed of word segmentation are the structure of word segmentation dictionary and word segmentation algorithm. The query speed of the word dictionary depends on the organization structure of the dictionary. In different applications, the performance requirements of the word segmentation system have different emphases. It can be seen from  Table 5  that the results of the CRF system are better than those of other models under the same conditions as the training corpus and the test corpus. The experimental results show that conditional random field is an efficient segmentation method. And then use these tools and the corpus carried out a number of experiments.
paper_391	Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. Globally, tetanus is responsible for 5% of maternal deaths and 14% of neonatal deaths annually. Data mining is the process of discovering interesting patterns and knowledge from large amounts of data. The WEKA 3.6.1 tool was used for classification, clustering, association and attribute selection. The maximum confidence attained in the general association is 0.98. But, in the class attribute, it is 0.72. The literacy status of the mother has high information gain with the value 0.046. Multilayer perceptron classifier has the lowest average error at 32.72% compared to others. Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. Tetanus is caused by a toxin produced during the anaerobic growth of Clostridium tetani. Data mining is the process of discovering interesting patterns and knowledge from large amounts of data. The information is rich and massive. In this study, we use different data mining techniques that have been tested on TT dataset. Selection phase generates the target data set from the whole data set of EDHS 2011. The next phase is the transformation of the preprocessed data into a suitable form for performing the desired data mining task. However, not all of the patterns are useful. Those patterns that remain represent the discovered knowledge. The methodology of this study was the practical research method applied on the Tetanus Toxoid data of the Ethiopian DHS 2011. The EDHS of 2011 dataset was used as a source for this study and WEKA 3.6.1 machine learning tools are used. It has a dimension of 7033 rows and 12 columns. This data processed and arranged for the purposes of training and testing. Finally, data have been saved in ". csv" file formats and stored as an ". Classification is one of the data mining techniques and it is used to group the instances which belong to same class  [8] . How does this classification work? The approaches are; (a). Decision tree (J48) approach It is a flowchart-like a tree structure. And the topmost node in a tree is the root node. The training tuples are described by m attributes. Each of the tuples represents a point in an m-dimensional space. They can predict class membership probabilities like, the probability that a given tuple belongs to a particular class  [10, 11] . Bayesian classifiers have also exhibited high accuracy and speed when applied to large databases. This assumption is called class conditional independence. It is made to simplify the computations involved and, in this sense, is considered "Naïve"  [7] . Confusion matrix; is used in this study, include accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, and precision. Training and testing are performed k times. Thus, in this study, we have used five clusters. "How does the k-means ( ) algorithm work?" From the selected 7037 mothers, 3351 of mothers received TT Immunizations. (Table 1)  As can be seen in  Figure 2 , the accuracy rate of the classifiers on training data is relatively high. A multilayer perceptron is the best classifier in our data set. Briefly described as follows: Cluster 0-This group have 1534 (27%) instances of which consist of mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Oromo in ethnic, literacy status unable to read mothers, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 15-24, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 1-This group consists of 1004 (18%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, access to TV yes, orthodox in religion, Oromo in ethnic, literacy status unable to read mothers, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 15-24, mother marital status married, head of household male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 2-This group consists of 2063 (37%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated No. Cluster 3-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 4-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Amhara in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 35-49, mother marital status married, hh_head Female, tt-vaccinated yes. csv" file and features were described using WEKA performance. Multilayer perceptron classifier has the lowest average error at 32.72% compared to others.
paper_402	This paper presents machine learning algorithms based on back-propagation neural network (BPNN) that employs sequential feature selection (SFS) for predicting the compressive strength of Ultra-High Performance Concrete (UHPC). The BPNN and SFS were used interchangeably to identify the relevant features that contributed with the response variable. The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete. The steps that were are followed in developing a robust and accurate numerical model using SFS include (1) design and validation of ANN model by manipulating the number of neurons and hidden layers; (2) execution of SFS using ANN as a wrapper; and (3) analysis of selected features using both ANN and nonlinear regression. The need for soft computing tools and models for the prediction of behavioural properties of engineering components, systems and materials is continuously rising. ANN emerged as one of soft computing paradigms that have been successfully applied in several engineering fields  [1] . Specifically, ANN has been used to solve a wide variety of civil engineering problems  [2] [3] [4] . Mainly, ANN was utilized to model the nonlinear behaviour of fatigue and creep of Reinforced Concrete (RC) members  [5] [6] [7] [8] . The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete  [14] [15] [16] [17] . Afterwards, several authors began developing ANN models for the prediction of compressive strength of high performance concrete  [18] [19] [20] [21] . As a result, BPNN proved to be more accurate than SMD in the prediction of compressive strength and slump flow of UHPC. Despite the statistical advantages of ANN, it has been long regarded as a black box that evaluates functions using input covariates and yielding outputs. Meaning, the model does not produce any analytical model with a mathematical structure that can be studied. [29]  used the Markov Blanket with a wrapper method to select the most relevant features of human motion recognition. Moreover, Rodriguez-Galiano et al. Four types of machine learning algorithms were used as wrappers for the SFS. The steps that were are followed in developing a robust and accurate numerical model using SFS include (1) design and validation of ANN model by manipulating the number of neurons and hidden layers; (2) execution of SFS using ANN as a wrapper; and (3) analysis of selected features using both ANN and nonlinear regression. There are two types of ANN models: (1) feed forward; and (2) feed backward. The input neurons are responsible for containing the independent parameter presented by the user, the wires represent the randomly generated matrices called weights that manipulate the function's slope or steepness, the hidden neurons map the weights variables using an activation function, and the bias units control the output function's shift, either upward or downward. Equation  1 shows the linear combination of mapping weights from each input neuron, via wires, to the hidden neurons. There are two types of search algorithms: sequential forward selection and sequential backward selection. In this study, the previously verified ANN model was used as the objective function and the forward selection was used in selecting the relevant features. Figure 1  shows the algorithm SFS uses when performing forward selection. Based on the results of these trials, the most abundant combination during the SFS analysis, within a 20% threshold, was selected as the important parameters that contribute mostly in the model. The selected features, using SFS, were analyzed by the previous BPNN model. Table 3  shows the statistical measurements calculated for both cases. The LSR model is a linear function and its form is shown in  (2) . fc = θ1C + θ2SI + θ3FA + θ4W (2) This study was conducted to detect the correlation between the material constituents of UHPC and its compressive strength. The correlation coefficient (r 2 ) before and after the use of SFS improved from 81.6% to 99.1% while the NMSE improved from 0.0594 to 0.026, respectively.
paper_418	An important aspect of descriptive time series analysis is the choice of model for time series decomposition. Results show that seasonal variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model and a function of slope and seasonal effects for mixed model. The models most commonly used to describe time series data are additive, multiplicative and mixed models. They do not depend on the level of the trend  [3] . On the other hand, the appropriate model is multiplicative when the seasonal standard deviations show appreciable increase/decrease relative to any increase /decrease in the seasonal means. Here again, no statistical test was provided for the choice. The multiplicative model was adopted when the magnitude of the seasonal pattern in the data depends on the magnitude of the series. The higher the trend, the more intensive these variations are. An important aspect of descriptive time series analysis is the choice of model for time series decomposition. In such cases it is appropriate to use a multiplicative model. Oladugba et al  [9]  gave brief description of additive and multiplicative seasonality. This is an improvement over what is in existence. The method adopted in this study is the Buys-Ballot procedure in descriptive time series. The row and overall variances contain both trending parameters and seasonal indices for additive and mixed models. formula_5 Source: Iwueze and Nwogu (2014), Nwogu el al (2019). That is when ( 0 b = ), it is clear from  For mixed model, we obtain using the expression in  Table 1  . formula_10 When there is no trend ( 0 b = ) we obtain from  (Table 1)  . Table 3  that when there is no trend i.e. The data of 120 observations has been arranged in a Buys-Ballot table as monthly data (s = 12) and for 10 years (m = 10). The actual and transformed series are given in figures 3.1 and 3.2. The expressing of a linear trend and seasonal indices for an additive model is given as Estimates of trend parameters and seasonal indices are discussed. Results show that seasonal variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model and a function of slope and seasonal effects for mixed model.
paper_428	The present article examines the influence of thermal radiation on two-dimensional incompressible magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) mixed convective heat transfer flow of Williamson fluid flowing past a porous wedge. An adequate similarity transformation is adopted to reduce the fundamental boundary layer partial differential equations of Williamson fluid model in to a set of non-linear ordinary differential equations. In Non-Newtonian fluids, the most frequently encountered fluids are pseudoplastic fluids, and Navier-stokes equations alone are insufficient to describe the rheological properties of these fluids, therefore, to overcome this defect, several rheological model like Ellis model, Power law model, Carreaus model and Cross model are presented, but little attention has been compensated to the Williamson fluid model and estimated to explain the rheological properties of pseudoplastic fluids. studied the peristaltic motion of non-Newtonian fluid through asymmetric channels along porous wall by means of various phase and amplitude, and also studied the manipulation of different wave structures on the fluid flow model  [8] . developed a model for the transport of Williamson fluid in an annular region  [10] . found numerically convergent solutions of two dimensional flows of non-Newtonian fluids along chemically reactive species  [11] . MHD is very useful to analyze the interaction of electrically directing fluids. analytically discussed MHD flow of viscous fluid through Stretching sheet using DTM-pade approach to solve boundary layer equations of given flow problem  [21] . Jabar addressed the influence of viscous dissipation and joule heating on MHD flow through a stratified sheet subjected to power Law Heat Flux having heat source  [22] . Bau investigated the thermal convection in a saturated stratified medium bounded between two parallel eccentric cylinders with the help of a regular perturbation expansion along Daarcy-Rayleigh number; it was observed that the appropriate preference of eccentricity values can maximize the heat transfer inside annulus of various thermal insulators  [37] . studied unsteady combined convection flow in a cavity in presence of nanofluid  [41] . Chaudhary and Jain studied the impact of mass transfer, radiation and hall on MHD mixed convection flow of viscoelastic fluid in an infinite plate  [43] . Malleswaran & Sivasankaran carried an analysis for mixed convection flow and noticed that the average heat transfer decreases with an increase in Richardson number but in general heat transfer is better at force convection mode than free convection mode  [45] . General example of porous wedge is sand, soil, sandstone and foams. Deka   is wedge angle parameter. E 0 = E 6 , E′ 0 = 0, F 0 = 1 (9) E′ ∞ = 1, F ∞ = 0 Where E 6 is injection/suction parameter. Further details about the obtained numerical solutions are presented in the next section. The transformed governing equations  (11) (12)  subjected to boundary conditions  (13)  are solved numerically by employing the fifth order Runge-Kutta-Fehlberg method. [78] , Yih  [79]  and Rashidi et al. Figures (1-2)  illustrate the influence of wedge angle parameter < with on velocity and temperature profile. Furthermore an increase in λ may cause increase in temperature of flow. It is clear from graph that an increase in thermal radiation parameter leads to increase in temperature and thermal boundary layer thickness. The important conclusions of the analysis are 1. The non-dimensional velocity profile increases by increasing the wedge angle parameter <.
paper_432	The mathematical analysis method used. The Cotangent Bundles * of manifold d provides the basic model of a symplectic manifold. If are local coordinates in neighborhood of a point ∈ . Time -dependent smooth Hamiltonian on Τ * , the cotangent bundles of . Generically, the corresponding Hamiltonian system `(%) =& H '%, % ). Given any , manifold , of dimensionn, with -. We see that(E > ) ,…, (E ) is a basis of T 5 * (M). The Cotangent Bundle Τ * contains the following classes of Lagrangian submanifolds; The fibers of Τ * . Let ∈ and let I; T { * Q → Τ * be the natural inclusion mapping. b) Let exp ∶ → 3 > be given by exp(% =J •" … ∈ 3 > . Let 0 ∶ 3 → 0 be the projection map. Let be a lie group• ∈ o⋃ ~∞•. 8 ' : K V → R s> ( K ), satisfying R o 8 ' u 0 ' and the equivariance property. 8 ' ( K , n, ' ) = 8 ' ( K, n ). ' Let be a Lie subgroup of a Iie group , and 3 a manifold on which acts. ), the left multiplication of : n`. these are easily seen to be free and proper. The twisted product × ° is the quotient of × 3 by the twist. Now consider a G on a manifold. šJ% ± ∈ , with isotropy subgroup = ² . Define the map, ∅ : ´s > (0) → * ( / ) by, for every 0 ∈ µ * Q. Then ∅isc , invariant surjective submersion and descends to a symplectic homeomorphic. Note that ∅ is "injective mod '', meaning that ∅(± 1 ) =∅(± 2 ) if and only if ± > =n.
paper_444	The other constraint is the resource constraint in which the demand of resource shall not exceed the total supply of resource for each resource type at any time. Furthermore, the equivalent form of the above model is given and its equivalence is proved. In this case, many scholars begin to consider the uncertain resource constrained project scheduling problem. However, the cost that effected by the increased quantities of human resource was not taken into account. The construction of this paper is organized as follows. In Section 2, an uncertain resource constrained project scheduling model will be built and transformed into a crisp form. (1) This paper only considers renewable resources. (3) Assume that the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. (4) No interruption is allowed for each activity in progress. " : The set of underway activities at time #. The uncertain resource constrained time-cost trade-off problem can be described as following optimization model: formula_0 In the above model, objective ○ 1 is to minimize the project total completion time; Objective ○ 2 is to minimize the expected project total cost which consists of the activity cost and the additional resource cost. Constraint ○ 4 reflects that for any time # and each resource type , the demand for resources shall not exceed the total supply of resources with at least given confidence level < = . Constraint ○ 6 shows the range of decision variables. Then excepted value of G is formula_1 Theorem 2. Model (1) is equivalent to the following model. is an uncertain variable, and the inverse uncertainty distribution of ? is formula_6 By Theorem 1, we know that the excepted value of ? is formula_7 Since ℳ6∑ ∈8 9 ≤ + ; ≥ < = , then, ℳ6∑ ∈8 9 − − ≤ 0; ≥ < = . By Theorem 2, we have ∑ ∈8 9 − − Φ MA (1 − <) ≤ 0，  (12)  i.e. formula_10 Therefore, the model (1) is equivalent to the model (2). The type of resources chosen in this case is human resource. For every activity , the increased quantity of resource is assumed to be a linear uncertain  variable Y(3, 7) . The duration time, cost and resource requirement of activities are presented in  Table 1 . The manager tends to the demand of resource shall not exceed the total resource supply with at least given confidence level 0.9 for any time # and each resource type . The cost per time unit of additional resource ! The constrains are recourse constraint and precedence constraint. The decision variable is finish time of each activity. The information of the activities. By describing the increased quantities of resource as uncertain variables, an uncertain resource constrained project scheduling problem is discussed in this paper.
paper_462	The goal of postgraduate education for master's degree in clinical medicine is to cultivate high-level medical and health professionals. Since 1998, the postgraduate education for master's degree in clinical medicine has been piloted in China. There are many problems such as insufficient practical ability training. "5 + 3" new training mode of training in combination. Chongqing Medical University was founded in 1956. Since 1979, it has enrolled doctoral and master's degree students. In 1981, it was approved as the first authorized unit of doctoral and master's degree in China. In 1998, it became the first batch of doctoral and master's degree in clinical medicine in China. Pilot units for professional degrees. Since 1998, the school has vigorously developed professional degree postgraduate education  [1] . Since 2009, the school has been focusing on reforming the training mode of clinical master degree postgraduates (hereinafter referred to as clinical master). It not only guarantees the quality of professional degree postgraduate training, but also supplies a large number of high-quality talents for related industries. How to reform the training mode of clinical master, improve the quality of training, and bring up a large number of high-level applied medical talents is the main problem for graduate educators. Educational development and other key problems of clinical master training. The organic cohesion of syndromes has effectively improved the quality of clinical master training. The above policy support ensures that our clinical master can fully participate in clinical practice skills training and ensure the quality of training. After completing the dissertation defense and meeting the award requirements, the graduate certificate and master's professional degree certificate can be obtained. Effective management during the transition period. At the same time, the workload of guiding professional degree postgraduates is directly linked to the promotion of their professional titles. Our school has made corresponding reforms in the curriculum system of clinical master's degree. The reformed curriculum system not only meets the training objectives of clinical master, but also meets the requirements of theoretical knowledge for trainees. Secondly, the curriculum of Master of Clinical Science is adapted to the requirement of training students' theoretical knowledge and foreign language. It is closely related to clinical practice. The secondary clinical colleges are responsible for both the health bureau, the training of residents and the school, and the training of postgraduates with professional degrees. Students are brought into the "two levels, two stages" training after they enter school. Requirements for the first stage of training. System for Clinical Ability Clinical competence is the core of clinical master training. School research and explore more rigorous clinical training and assessment methods. The clinical master emphasizes on examining the clinical competence of postgraduates. At the same time, the cost of training clinical masters has increased substantially. Compared with academic degree postgraduates, the training objectives of professional degree postgraduates are obviously different. The school revises the standard of clinical master's degree award, which reduces the requirement of publishing articles. Postgraduates can devote all their energy and time to clinical ability training. Schools from several aspects to improve the mentors, managers and related personnel of clinical master's education awareness: First, extensive publicity. Thirdly, we should formulate an enrollment system conducive to the development of professional degrees. The number of professional degree postgraduates enrolled by tutors in clinical departments is clearly required. All tutors working in clinical departments must enroll professional degree postgraduates. Qualification certificate students are not allowed to practise medicine in other places in accordance with the Law of Licensed Physicians, so it is difficult to carry out clinical training  [14] . It provides a mature reference model for the docking of professional degree postgraduate education and industry access standards in other fields in China. The curriculum system is guided by the improvement of vocational competence and solves the contradiction between curriculum learning and clinical competence training. The clinical competence assessment system checks the training process from qualitative and quantitative aspects, and achieves the whole process management  [15] . It has overcome many obstacles and steadfastly promoted the reform. It has basically realized the seamless connection between the degree education of clinical medicine specialty and the certification of professional qualification. The main results are as follows: Dozens of brothers such as Fudan University learn from our experience. This model is in line with the reality of the development of medical and health care and higher education in China. In the past five years, a total of 2063 clinical masters enrolled in the school have been integrated into the training. Many excellent students have become an indispensable new force in clinical colleges. They have achieved the ultimate goal of training "doctors who can really see a doctor". The employment rate of graduates has been guaranteed to be 100% for a long time. In December 2013, the school sponsored the National Symposium on the Reform of the Training Model of Clinical Master's Degree Postgraduates. Our school has 10 affiliated hospitals of Grade A and 28 key national clinical specialties. Since the reform of training mode, the enrollment of clinical masters in our university has been increasing rapidly. In the past five years, a total of 2063 clinical masters have been enrolled in the standardized resident training system. Professor Jin Xianqing and Professor Xie Peng were appointed members of the National Medical Graduate Education Steering Committee in 1998 and 2010 respectively. The implementation of "three combinations", namely, the combination of enrollment and enrollment, training and training, degree award and physician access. The current management system and mechanism are not suited to the key issues of clinical medicine master training, such as the development of professional degree postgraduate education  [18] .
paper_476	This paper uses JD Logistics as an example to quantitatively analyze the relationship mentioned above. In addition, it is important for the logistics enterprises to consider the constraints such as delivery resources and consumer satisfaction to achieve the appropriate decision of delivery frequency. at various stages in the delivery system, which will more likely to result in uneconomical performance. At present, most express companies are operating different delivery frequencies in different regions. The order volume, the orders' splitting ratio, the operational efficiency of delivery resource and the delivery costs will affect the delivery frequency. There are various of applications of system dynamics in the area of transportation  [2, 3] . Fan Xuemei et al. [5]  pointed out that joint delivery can effectively improve the efficiency of urban delivery. It proposed an assessment framework for joint delivery. This paper uses Jingdong Logistics (JDL for short) as research objects. First, it analyzes the boundary and causality of its delivery system. Then, it establishes a simulation model for the operation of the delivery system on the base of system dynamics. Each delivery operation mainly includes: storage, ferry, sorting, transportation and terminal delivery. The relationship of the workflows in the delivery system is shown in  Figure 1 . The delivery cost mainly includes the equipment usage costs and labor costs in the three stages of sorting, transportation and terminal delivery. The equipment usage costs can be divided into two parts: the fixed costs and the variable costs. The number of employees is affected by factors such as order quantity, transportation efficiency, delivery frequency, and the number of transport vehicles. Performance wage is determined by the actual amount of work performed during the delivery process. Sorting staffs consist of sorters and on-site logistics personnel. The sorter is the person who operates on the sorting equipment. The delivery frequency refers to the number of times of terminal delivery by the company in unit time (in days). Based on the surveys of JDL and interviews with related professionals, this paper summarizes 55 influencing factors on delivery frequency. These factors present a complex, nonlinear, and inverse relationship between each other. As is shown in  Figure 2 , 58 causal loops are formed. The extreme condition when the order quantity equals to zero was examined as well. The main parameters involved in the model are as follows: (   Table 1 , and the explanations are shown in  Table 2 . On the other hand, the cost index was calculated based on the summed number of shipments as JDL adopts single-batch delivery. Second  Third  Fourth   1  60  30  40  20  2  30  30  20  20  3  10  30  30  20  4  -10  10  30  5  ---10  Table 4 . The delivery frequency in scenarios 2 and 3 was increased by 9.5% over that in scenario 1. When the volume of orders increased from 1496 to 5300, the increased percentage of total delivery cost showed a downward trend followed by an upward trend. The minimum value of 3.9% appeared in the order volume of 3086-3154 units. The total delivery cost in scenario 4 was increased by 25% in average than that in scenario 1. As the order volume increased, the increased percentage of total cost tended to decrease in fluctuation. In this situation, the delivery frequency should be increased accordingly. Within the orders volume ruled in this paper, the delivery frequency and the cumulative delivery costs are positively correlated. Compared to scenario 1, scenario 4 had an average increase of 315 yuan per day in total sorting costs. Regarding on the sorting efficiency equipment, the operation time of sorting equipment became longer and the sorting cost increased. Figures 12 and 13  show that the transportation cost in scenario 2 was increased by an average of 14% than that in scenario 1. The increased percentage behaved a negative growth trend followed by a positive growth trend as the order increased. The transportation cost in scenario 4 was increased by an average of 45% over scenario 1. The transportation cost in scenario 1 showed a rising trend with the increase of orders. When the order volume was 2406, 2530 and 4700, the transportation cost rose rapidly. When the volume of orders increased to a certain value, the transportation cost of scenario 1 became the highest among the three scenarios. As a result, the overall efficiency of the delivery staff was reduced. At the same time, the increase in the delivery frequency also improved the rental cost of the delivery station. Figures 16, 17 and 18  demonstrate that the delivery frequency hade different effects on different transportation vehicles. Figures 19, 20, 21  and 22show that the delivery frequency had different effects on terminal delivery operations. In some cases, the area utilization efficiencies in Scenario 1 and Scenario 3 were the same. This is because the difference of orders volume in the largest batch between two scenarios was small. As a result, the company had to increase the number of delivery personnel and the area of shipments. As shown in  Figures 21 and 22 , the overall utilization efficiency of delivery station A was approximately 5% higher than that of delivery station B. In addition, scenario 4 can effectively ease the utilization of area and personnel in the delivery site. In addition, the average split of order quantity can effectively reduce the tension of delivery resources. When transportation vehicles are in tight supply, the delivery frequency should be increased when the order volume is 2530. Therefore, JDL should combine the simulation results with the actual situation before making the delivery frequency decision.
paper_479	It has been established that there are varieties of handwritten documents ranging from forgeries, counterfeiting, identity theft, fraud, suicidal note, contested wills. A forensic document examiner is saddled with the task of document authenticity. Let us presume that there are two opposing ideas. In ' competing, ' it can be said that they are mutually exclusive, but may not necessarily include all possible alternatives. Consider, as an example, a situation where the question is whether a specific writing belongs to a particular person. One proposition is 'The suspect is the author of the document in question'. A counter argument may be' The defendant is not the author of the document in question'. Such two theories are mutually exclusive, but there may be other reasons even if they are far-fetched. For instance, someone might have fabricated the writing with some special skills. The propositions involved should be relevant and the latter case does not seem to be applicable. The purpose of this paper is to illustrate how neural network approach to comparative handwriting analysis can greatly affect the outcome of a forensic investigation and make full likelihood ratio achievable. The writer's profile is a very important factor that is considered to accurately estimate a full likelihood ratio. Strength of proof serves an integral part of this problem. Figure 1  shows the graphical representation for the handwriting modeling. Original and disguised handwriting were gotten from each writer over a period of six months and a skilled forger was asked to forge these writings. The handwritings were preprocessed using the Otsu method after which they were segmented into different words using the Sobel edge detection algorithm. Back Propagation Neural Network (BPNN) served the sake of supervised learning of the system. BPNN in the context of this paper was to model the handwriting pattern of each writer over a period of time. We target is set for each character in the handwriting. The target will help to know which handwriting is original and disguised. The strength of neural computation comes from linking neurons in a network. The weighted number of the inputs is the activation of the neuron. Transfer function can add non-linearity to the network. Each character variable has a weight W i which shows its contribution in the training process. weight-recognition factor with weight ! " The weight from input points i and two hidden unit j is ! " Weight from second hidden unit i and output unit j is ! ) After randomly selecting the weights of the network, the backpropagation algorithm is used to measure the necessary corrections. Each scanned, segmented and clustered characters and alphabets which were collated over a period of six months were trained to learn the pattern for each writer. Base on decision law i.e. If L R value greater than 1 H p is true If L R value less than 1 H p is false. A more elaborate and collated result table is presented in  Table  2 . Thus there must be agreement in sign otherwise there is disagreement. Full L R void of nuisance parameters is needed for most forensic investigators. Several factors have to be put in place to estimate a full L R for forensic handwriting investigations.
paper_492	This function is the behavior of so-called short-term memory. It is human intelligence that gave birth to the technology. But the structure of our brain has not changed since tens of thousands of years ago. In this paper, a new neural network and its behavior are presented based on the above idea. Acceptance and generation of time series data of the nervous system of long-term memory is carried out in consistent with short-term memory. The number of logical elements used may not differ much from the sum of nerve cells in insects or zooplankton. The same is true for the recognition process. The same applies to general figures. Many East Asian recognize kanji as a combination of parts. Deductive logical development is desired. Finally, it shows the hierarchically connected neural network that can process for general time series data. The divided subsequence is defined the basic subsequence. For simplicity, assume time series data consisted of 10 type elements from a 0 to a 9 . Example shown in  Figure 1  shows that the time series data (1) arranged by randomly selecting the elements is divided into five basic subsequences (2). The dividing is done by the following procedure. (1) The first element is the beginning of the first subsequence. In given example, the leading element is a1, followed by a7, a4, a6 and a6. (2) If the same element exists in already divided subsequence. In this example a6 is the concerned element. The subsequences divided by above procedure are defined as the basic subsequence. Figure 2  shows the affinity with the neural circuit. It is a neural network having an input consisting of a plurality of bits are shown. When the first data c 0 is received activate the bottom. Four portions are activated in the  Figure 2 . By receiving c 2 , c 3 and so on the activated portions become narrow and narrow. It may be seen as the output of the connected AND logic element. The elements involved in the conversion are still activated at the time of output. This operation is a generation of (learned) time series data. that can be said a conversion of parallel to serial triggered by the first data. After the first data reception, the connected elements are activated as described above. That is, the operation with no reaction within waiting time is invalid and aborted. Both state transition diagram is shown in the existing  Figure 3 . For each basic subsequence a neural network that accepts and generates the basic subsequence is considered. This neural network is called a basic unit. Received data comes from the environment that encourages some judgment. It can be said as "stance to the event" that most animals have  [2] . The movement will be mentioned in the next chapter. However, recognition is limited to the area of the vicinity that the sensory organ catches. In order to be able to exchange information, it is necessary to transmit and reproduce the act. The ability to imitate fellow's action is indispensable. Imitating is first step of learning the behavior of the fellows who is transmitting information. The nervous system which is involved in the imitating function is called mirror neurons. In addition, it spreads to the story beyond space and time. "Let's ask store A to put a chocolate plate on the cake with your name on it." And you'll think of the shape of the cake and the action of lifting the chocolate plate and mouthing it. Two types of time series data can be considered in the above situation. Like talking about your childhood while eating cake. In order to avoid confusion, the episode must be corrected by reality. Figure 5  is an illustration for showing the state change of each part in the neural network. Stimulus from the sensory organs from the bottom becomes time series data and is transmitted to the upper part. In neuroscience, the morphism corresponds to synapses and axons, and is responsible for the transmission of information between objects. Therefore, the existence of the above functor would be considered naturally. Thus, the behavior of both categories can be migrated to each other. In this paper, short-term memory and long-term memory are both regarded as time series data brought about by activity in the brain. It is a short-term memory to be involved in the recognition and manipulation of the thing in the vicinity of the animal itself. It is necessary that the contents of both memories are consistent in the animal's life. Of course, the description does not convey all the features of the hippocampus. Only units contained in the tree structure corresponding to the context of the behavior can work. The bud is also felt in the judgment and the movement in our daily life.
paper_507	In present study we used the already existing topographical maps, satellite imageries and field work. The main aim of present study is to integrate the result of our study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and used the output as a user friendly application using GIS which could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and% contribution of each factor for the same. ArcGIS 9.3, ERDAS and Excel software have been used for zonation, and statistical analysis respectively. A three-layered ANN with an input layer, two hidden layers, and one output layer is found to be optimal. As far as Indian scenario is concerned approximately 0.49 million km  2  or 15% of land area of country is vulnerable to landslide hazard and 80% is spread over Himalayas, Nilgiris, Ranchi plateau and eastern ghats  (GSI 2006)    [3] . Uttarakhand is an appropriate choice for the study since the newly developed state has been fighting with the catastrophe and is making front paper headlines for landslide at Vishnuprayag, Baldora, Lambagharchatti, Jharkula, phatabyung, and Amiya landslides  [4] . al, 1999 and varnes 1984)    [7, 8, 9] . The result obtained i.e. Whole study of this paper is based on following objectives 1. Identification of factors which affects to the landslide. Determination of the extent to which the various factors contribute to landslide. Annual average rainfall observed is 1750.50mm and mean temperature 16°C. In the present paper landslide hazard zonation map has been prepared for the Rishikesh-Uttarkashi-Gaumukh-Gangotri. It may be possible that any parameter is important with respect to landslide occurrence for the given area but it is also possible that the importance of same parameter is negligible for another area (Mohammad Onagh, 2012). slope, aspect, lithology, rainfall, land cover etc. were generated using ERDAS and ARCGIS v. 9.3. DEM (Digital elevation model) was obtained from BHUVAN. The factors in relevance to the landslide susceptibility analysis of Uttarkashi are: The back-propagation training algorithm is trained using a set of examples of associated input and output values. A neural network consists of a number of interconnected nodes. Architecture of neural network (source:  (Lee, 2009) ). In the present study we selected 107 points and all the six factors namely soil depth, soil type, rock type, land cover, slope and elevation and a excel database is created. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. The data is categorized into training, testing and validation, and all the six factors namely soil depth, soil type, rock and a excel database is created. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. As we have seen neural network can compute the output for a given input. For this three-layered feed-forward network was implemented using the MATLAB software package. For a new dataset the weights are unknown. The number of epochs was set to 3,000. Weightage of different factors are shown in table 1. The results are compiled below. It may be possible that any parameter is important with respect to landslide occurrence for the given area but it is also possible that the importance of same parameter is negligible for another area  [13] . slope, aspect, lithology, rainfall, land cover etc. were generated using ERDAS and ARCGIS v. 9.3. Precipitation The next objective of our study was to present the weightage of various factors causing landslide. An artificial neural network technique was used. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. Using ArcGIS the Landslide susceptibility for whole of the map region can be seen. The result of present study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and presented by a landslide hazard zonation map and a user friendly application using GIS that could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and percentage contribution of each factor for the same. The reliability of ANN is high over other methods.
paper_1	Clustering is the concept that was used in this research to create groups from social media data which can be used for learning on electronic learning platforms. The system design methodology used was incremental prototyping. In incremental prototyping, the whole requirements are broken down into building blocks which are incremented each time a new component is integrated based on an overall design solution. Requirements and Architectural Design can be done up front and then each prototype developed as the project progresses. The second task involved identifying the right kind of data to use for training the expected prototype as well as testing it. The third step involved using the data already preprocessed above to train the prototype. The relationship between the data items can be established using the k-nearest neighbor technique. The illustration of the proposed prototype is given below. The results reported in this paper were obtained from a series of evaluations that were done on the classifier on different parameters including functionality, usability, accuracy, precision and recall. This is the section that captured the users view on the functioning of the prototype. On this question touching on the overall goal, 90% of the students emphatically agreed that the system actually enabled them to be classified into groups and they were therefore able to know their group members and comfortably interact with them on a given task that they were assigned  [4] . This is summarized in the chart below. A total of 200 tweets were extracted and used for this test which was summarized in a confusion matrix. The results below illustrate a summary of what was obtained when 200 tweets were used to test the Naïve Bayes Classifier. Through the study, it can be underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way can be used to enable online learning generally and group formation specifically. The system that was developed by the researcher demonstrated the learning capability of the social media by coming up with a way of creating study groups from the information shared across the social media. The classifier then grouped the users into different categories based on various tweets that they posted on the task. The system was therefore able to address the limitation of the social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. This paper addresses the limitation of social media of not being properly utilized as a platform for supporting learning activities like group formation. Through the study, it was underscored that inasmuch as the social media has a great potential in education, this has not been exploited to a greater percentage. The techniques that are currently used in group formation and learning are mostly manual and so not efficient. They therefore come with a lot of challenges including time wastage. Through social media a better and more efficient way of clustering can be used to enable electronic learning generally and group formation specifically.
paper_2	In addition to this, the current traffic light systems encourage extortion by corrupt traffic officials as commuters often violate traffic rules because of the insufficient time allocated to their lanes or may want to avoid a long waiting period for their lanes to come up. The signal timing changes automatically based on the traffic density at the junction, thereby, avoiding unnecessary waiting time at the junction. The sensors used in this project were infra-red (IR) sensors and photodiodes which were placed in a Line of Sight configuration across the loads to detect the density of the traffic signal. The density of the vehicles is measured in three zones i.e., low, medium and high based on which timings were allotted accordingly. Traffic congestion is a common occurrence in many major cities across the world, especially in third world cities, and this has caused untold hardship to commuters in these cities in diverse ways  [1] . These include loss of man-hours, accident, missed opportunities, noise pollution, air-pollution, increased fuel consumption, increased tendency to violate traffic rules, and in some cases extortion by corrupt traffic control officials. Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. Junction timings allotted are fixed. There are other problems as well, like ambulances getting caught up by a red traffic signal and wasting valuable time  [2] . Sometimes higher traffic density at one side of the junction demands longer green time as compared to the standard allotted time. The suggested case study, Jakpa junction is a typical example of a traffic congested area. The conventional traffic light system based on fixed time is employed to control the traffic in this area. The signal timing changes automatically on sensing the traffic density at the junction. The proposed system would use a microcontroller of PIC family duly interfaced with sensors, to change the junction timing automatically to accommodate movement of vehicles, thereby, avoiding unnecessary waiting time at the junction. The density of the vehicles is measured in three zones i.e., low, medium, high based on which timings were allotted accordingly. The uniqueness of this model lies in the implementation of on-demand Pedestrian-Pass signaling, thereby transforming the design into dynamic controller. However, this system lacked inbuiltmechanism for controlling vehicular traffic based on density. Conventional traffic light system is based on fixed time concept allotted to each side of the junction which cannot be varied as per varying traffic density. Junction timings allotted are fixed. Sometimes higher traffic density at one side of the junction demands longer green time as compared to standard allotted time  [4] . After calculating the number of vehicles we will came to know in which side the density is high based on which signals will be allotted for a particular side. Real world complex problems such as human controlled systems involve a certain degree of uncertainty, which cannot be handled by traditional binary set theory. However, this method has no mechanisms for capturing traffic density and for providing a pass for emergency vehicles. It comprises of a 0V to 12V transformer which is required to step down the 220V AC supply to 12V AC. This is converted by a bridge rectifier to a dc voltage. The bridge rectifier consists of four single phase rectifier diodes connected together in a closed loop to form a circuit that is capable of converting AC voltage to DC voltage  [8] . Another purpose of an optocoupler is to prevent rapidly changing voltages or high voltages on one side of a circuit from distorting transmissions or damaging components on the other side of the circuit. The Transformer steps down the 220 v AC supply to 12 v AC. The time delay in the traffic signal is set based on the density of vehicles on the roads. According to the IR count, microcontroller takes appropriate decisions as to which road is to be given the highest priority and the longest time delay for the corresponding traffic light. The codes are as shown in the Appendix. Jakpa Junction, in Effurun, Delta State, Nigeria is increasingly becoming chaotic by reason of the recurring traffic gridlock it experiences. On these days traffic rules are usually violated because of the complex traffic situation.
paper_3	The aim of this article is to present the general architecture trends of Web-based Adaptive Educational Hypermedia Systems (AEHSs) and to give a complete description of architecture of the AEHS MATHEMA. In the beginning, a related work on the architecture trends of Web-based AEHSs is presented. Next, one-on-one unit is presented separately and their functions are generally described with respect to the adaptive Web technologies used. They build a personalized model of the learner and apply this model to adapt the content and/or the appearance of the hypermedia, according to the learner's specific characteristics, such as the cognitive goal, level of knowledge, pre-existing or prior knowledge, interests, preferences, stereotypes, cognitive preferences and cognitive or learning style  [4] . In the Web-based AEHSs, several adaptive and intelligent techniques have been applied to introduce adaptation, such as  [4] : (a) Curriculum Sequencing: It helps the learner to follow an optimal path through the learning material. (b) Adaptive Presentation: It adapts the content presented in each hypermedia node according to specific characteristics of the learner. (e) Interactive Problem Solving Support: It provides the learner with intelligent help on every step of problem solving, by giving a hint to executing the next step for the learner. (g) Example-based Problem Solving Support: It helps the learners in solving new problems, not by articulating their errors, but by suggesting them relevant successful problem solving cases, chosen from their earlier experience. The teaching strategies are based on  [9]  learning cycle and learning style model. The general purpose of the AEHS MATHEMA is to support learners through an interactive and constructivist educational environment in order to construct their knowledge in Physics and Technology, individually and/or collaboratively, and to overcome their misconceptions and/or learning difficulties AEHS MATHEMA supports adaptive and intelligent techniques, such as curriculum sequencing, adaptive presentation, adaptive and meta-adaptive navigation, interactive problem solving, and adaptive group formation. More specifically it supports: (1) adaptive presentation according to learner's learning style; (2) four adaptive navigation techniques which are direct guidance (uses a "next" button), link hiding (hide nonrelevant links), link annotation (use colors to indicate relevance), and link sorting (like in search engines); (3) a meta-adaptive navigation technique in order for the learner selects the more appropriate navigation technique that best suits him or her; (4) an interactive problem-solving method through personalized and collaborative problem-solving activities that exploits the teaching approaches of experimentation through simulations, guided inquiry and discovery, investigations and peer collaboration; and (5) a method of adaptive group formation for peer matching. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: In the section 2 related works for various models of architecture of AEHSs is presented. The link structure of a hyper-document can also be modified by color-coding, or sorting according to specific criteria based on student preferences or abilities. The rules together form the adaptation model in AHAM. A key point in AHAM is that the adaptation rules are used to translate user actions into user model updates (as well as the presentation and adaptation of content). Today almost all AEHSs follow the general architecture of the AHAM reference model (but possibly with a different kind of rule or reasoning language and engine). The ADAPT project has identified high level design dimensions for AEHSs, which are: (1) context of use (CU), (2) content domain (DM), (3) instructional strategy (IS), (4) instructional view (IV), (5) learner model (LM), (6) adaptation model (AM), and (7) detection mechanism (DE). Proper's architecture is a combined architecture of SCORM LMS and AEHS. Moreover domain independent data of UM is stored into the database while at the same time, data about user knowledge is stored into Java Object Files. The adaptive navigation techniques have been applied to it via Java servlets and Java Server Pages (JSP). All the runtime data about user actions and performance is stored into Java Object Files via JSP and Java servlets. The adaptation component consists of a Java servlet which automatically generates the individualized Webpage, each time an HTTP request is received by the server. The adaptation servlet queries the learner model database, in order to find the ULSM preferences of the current student. The Learner Model is the structure that contains the information on the learner's characteristics that allow the AEHS to adapt to these characteristics. The Presentation Generator is responsible for generating what will be presented to the learner as a result of processing the information received from the Adaptation Decision Model and Application Model. The Presentation Generator requests a composition of the presentation to the JavaServer Pages. As JavaBeans are components of an application in the context of JavaServer Pages or servlets, they are suitable to implement the Presentation Generator and the Adaptation Decision Model. Additionally, the JavaBeans offer advantages of separating the programming logics from presentation, as for the Presentation Generator and the final page composition. The purpose of ULUL-ILM is to provide the AEHS that can recognize student' learning style automatically in real-time and then presents the learning content adaptively based on student learning style. It enables to recognize the student's learning style automatically in real time by means of Multi Layer Feed-Forward Neural network (MLFF). The system then enables to present and recommends a variety of learning contents adaptively towards each of the student's learning style identified in the student model through the adaptation model. The system then analyzes the learning content on each of the learning material, and then comes up with the generated teaching strategies by means of the teaching strategy generator and fragment sorting. The adaptation model enables the system to adaptively presents the content, based on the student's learning style by combining the fragment sorting and adaptive annotation technique. The course player in ULUL-ILM enables the system to adaptively presents the content with various teaching strategies towards each of student's learning style. For supporting features, it uses the (JSP) pages, Java servlets, JavaBeans, JavaScripts, and Apache Struts technologies. This is an interface for Java that standardizes database connections, queries, and results of relational databases. Java servlet technology and JSP pages are server-side technologies that have dominated the server-side Java technology market; they have become the standard way to develop Web applications. Servlets are capable of eliciting student responses on more than one question and analyzing them to find out the strengths and weaknesses of that student to direct them towards remediation. In the context of JSP pages, JavaBeans components contain business logic that returns data to a script on a JSP page, which in turn formats the data returned from the JavaBeans component for display by the browser. A JSP page uses a JavaBeans component by setting and getting the properties that it provides. The didactic model uses the information contained in the learner model to provide the two basic services, namely, adaptive presentation and adaptive navigation. It is a set of pedagogical rules that combine the learner's model with the domain knowledge for adaptive performance. In the field of Adaptive Group Formation Module selecting of the most appropriate teaching strategy, the learner's learning style is taken into account during the learner's study. Moreover, offers facilities in recognizing learners' misconceptions and assisting them in self-correction through reflection, and providing multiple representations of learning. The domain knowledge is structured in a way that supports the ability of the system to choose the educational material, depending on the learner's requirements and current status. The domain knowledge of the AEHS MATHEMA is the basis of the system's adaptation. In the AEHS MATHEMA, the hierarchical representation of the domain model is adopted by the ELM-ART  [5] , as follows: The first level defines the cognitive objectives, the second the basic concepts and the third the pages with the corresponding educational material. Student model contains information about student characteristics that allows the system to make adjustments using these characteristics. The characteristics that the system maintains in learner model for each learner are: name, gender, username, password, learning style, level of knowledge for each cognitive goal (general performance), level of knowledge for each basic meaning of the cognitive goal (quantitative and qualitative characterization), concepts that have been successfully evaluated for each cognitive goal, current page, current teaching method, current navigation technique, navigation history, meta-adaptive navigation status, initial Web experience and knowledge level (pre-existing knowledge) in the current cognitive goal, ways of presenting feedback messages, preference for assistance by Advisor in terms of its navigation, course sequence, and phases of the guided dialogues in interactive problem solving process in which each learner participates. The Student Model is transparent to the learner (open learner model) and is verifiable by the learner, that is, the learner can access his/her model and change the content of some characteristics. The learner during the study selects the cognitive goal he or she wishes to study, following his or her personal course in the educational content, exploits the system's assistance, navigating and studying, is informed about the information that the system maintains, who can change them by intervening and directing the system's adaptation in this way, in terms of curriculum sequencing, adaptive presentation and navigation and adaptive group formation, selects his or her learning style, selects the navigation technique, activates and deactivates the curriculum sequencing, selects the way that the feedback messages are presented, changes his or her knowledge level for each basic concept of the cognitive goal, and activates-deactivates the Advisor. The adaptation engine decides on adaptive presentation and navigation in relation to Student, Domain and Didactic models. It also takes into account the decisions of the data collection and monitoring unit of the learner's actions. The system, during the learner's study, monitors his or her interactions with the system and his or her assessment and accordingly updates the links to the course material provided and/or adapts learning material to learner according to his or her learning style. It is the second level meta-adaptation engine that is responsible for monitoring the cognitive improvement of the learner in the cognitive goal that he or she studies, after n successful evaluations of his or her knowledge in basic concepts, showing him or her advantages and disadvantages of the four navigation techniques that it supports. In AEHS MATHEMA, meta-adaptive navigation works as follows: The first time that the learner enters the system, he or she is asked to state his or her Web experience and level of knowledge in the cognitive goal he chose to study (preexisting knowledge). Following the learner's statement, the system suggests the most appropriate navigation technique to him or her, taking into account the level of his or her Web experience and his or her level of knowledge in the subject he or she chose to study as follows: (1) Direct guidance: Little or no Web experience and little or no knowledge of the cognitive goal. This module is responsible for transferring the training material to the presentation unit, for giving feedback, for creating guided dialogues and for evaluating the learner knowledge. It includes the content of the JSP pages, Java servlets responsible for feedback and creation of guided dialogs in problem-solving, Java servlets for creating evaluation questionnaires, and so on. It is responsible for what will be presented to the learner as a result of the processing of the information that arrives from the adaptation engine, the meta-adaptation engine, adaptive group formation module, and application module. In this module there is the basic servlet, which deals with the presentation of the training material and other JSP pages and servlets, such as the page and the corresponding servlet to inform the learner about the characteristics of all learning styles, the servlet for the curriculum sequencing, the servlet for selecting and presenting the concept that the student selects to study according to his or her learning style, etc. This module is responsible for obtaining information about the data the learner entries in the system and for monitoring his or her actions (interaction with the system). More specifically it: (1) initializes and updates the Student Model; (2) collects and stores the data that the learner answers to open-ended questions, entries in tables, registers in notes, etc; (3) monitors the interactions between the learner and the system to get information about his or her choices in terms of the questionnaires, the phases of guided dialogs, the links, the options for meta-adaptive navigation, the visited pages, and more. Following a study  [13]  conducted on the formation adaptive groups in the MATHEMA, it was decided that: when the system creates a priority list of candidate peers for an interested learner, in the first and second position of the priority list, the algorithm will place the candidate collaborators with a concrete or abstract style and with the same active or reflective dimension of their learning style as follows: If the learner has a concrete learning style, then the algorithm will place the candidate collaborators with a concrete learning style in the first position, and in the second position, the candidate collaborators with an abstract learning style. If the learner has an abstract learning style, then the algorithm will place the candidate collaborators with an abstract learning style in the first position, and in the second position, the candidate collaborators with a concrete learning style. This article presents the trends of architecture of AEHSs so far and then an extensive description of the architecture of the AEHS MATHEMA. Most of AEHSs presented in this paper are based on JSP, Java servlets, and Javabeans technologies to implement their functions, as implemented by AEHS MATHEMA. The main contributions of the architecture of the MATHEMA in the improvement of functionality of AEHSs are the meta-adaptation technique, the adaptive group formation technique, the problem-solving technique, and the synchronous communication protocol that it supports.
paper_21	In this paper, we present the powerful scheme ZSISMP (Zimmermann Self Invertible Stabilizer Multiplier Permutation) to attack the hardness of the minimum distance search problem of BCH codes. This scheme consists in evaluating the minimum distance of the reduced dimension sub code fixed by a Self Invertible Stabilizer Multiplier Permutation by Zimmermann algorithm. An efficient solution of this problem is the use of error correcting codes. BCH codes are a family of cyclic codes, which are used in many applications, due to their powerful algebraic decoding algorithms and their error-correcting capability. For these codes, only a lower bound is known and the minimum distance is known only for some lengths and special cases  [2-3-4-5-6-7-8] . In this paper, our work will focused on finding the minimum distance of large BCH codes. The section 4 presents the main results. This section summarizes the most important ones. In  [9] , Augot, Charpin, and Sendrier presented an algebraic system constructed from Newton's identities. In  [11] , Canteaut and Chabaud have developed a new probabilistic algorithm, based on the heuristic proposed by Stern  [12] , for finding minimum-weight words in a linear code. This approach consists in adding to all-zero codeword a level of noise and considering the minimum distance as the smallest level of noise from which the Soft-In decoder fails in correction. The proposed scheme works as follows: Inputs: formula_0 Step 1: Find the sub code SC fixed by σ Step 2: Find the estimated minimum distance d of SC by using the Zimmermann algorithm. It is well known that the smallest primitive narrow-sense BCH code whose minimum distance is greater than its designed distance is BCH (127, 43, 29) and it is the only one for this length. The both last result have been proved in  [9] , by using the Newton's identities. In order to validate the proposed method, it is applied on all BCH codes of known minimum distance presented in table 1. the obtained results show that the minimum weight found by the proposed method is equal to the true value of the minimum distance of all BCH codes of length up to 255. The table 3 presents a comparison between the proposed scheme and MIM-RSC method  [24] . The obtained results are given in the table 4 so that d f represent the minimum distance found by our scheme. In this paper, we have proposed a new efficient scheme to find the minimum distance for large BCH codes. The experimental results show that the proposed scheme outperforms several known powerful techniques. In the perspectives, we will apply this powerful scheme to construct good large cyclic codes, and adapt this scheme for other linear codes.
paper_31	This paper takes chronic diseases as the research object, and proposes a design of intelligent medical system for chronic diseases based on semantic matching by the adaptation of ZigBee technology in the front-end data acquisition. Through the ZigBee wireless sensor network, this system sends the physiological parameters collected by various medical sensors to the intelligent medical system, and innovatively proposes semantic matching algorithm to solve the queuing problem of data transmission, to ensure the accuracy of data transmission. This system employs the improved spatial vector model to process the data uploaded, and uses AES encryption algorithm in the process of data transmission to ensure the security of data transmission. This passive recording method greatly raises the economic cost and time cost of patients with chronic diseases. With the means of the Internet, with the carrier of the mobile terminal, intelligent medical treatment founded on the units of family is a new trend. Therefore, it is of great significance to develop an intelligent data analysis platform to record, store, and share and handle various personal health signs in time through wireless transmission. For example, the General Hospital of the People's Liberation Army (PLAGH) communicated and discussed some diseases with foreign experts through satellites. With the great progress of mobile communication technology, Internet and WSN technology with low power consumption, some scholars have applied wireless transmission technology to medical detection system. Meanwhile, some also have applied various wireless sensor technology to medical monitoring system. And some scholars combined Bluetooth technology with GSM short message to realize the collection and remote monitoring of physiological parameters such as blood pressure  [12]  and pulse. In the meantime, some other scholars use 4G and the Internet transmission technology to send physiological parameters to the medical system through the Internet or 4G network, so as to realize medical monitoring. Due to the hazards and characteristics of chronic diseases, researchers all over the world have presented various methods for preventing, monitoring and treating it from different perspectives. With the emergence of various new telecommunication technology, scholars kept providing health care using all sorts of communication technology. During this stage, information technology was connected with medical health care more closely. Haji Bagheri Fard present methods based on deep learning algorithms to achieve high classification accuracy  [8] . Zigbee has been implemented on the Health Care Profile. As an alternative for aiding healthcare systems, sensors and wearable devices are used for monitoring patient physiological data to help guide health services or the self-care of patients  [9] . For example, when using 4G technology and WIFI technology to transmit data, patients must keep focusing on whether the device is online at all times. (3) The problems of unitary monitoring data. The current WITMED system focuses only on data acquisition instead of processing uploaded data and returning the result. The growing trend of WITMED system shows that a variety of health signs data will be monitored, transmitted, processed and analyzed in real time, the system can process the uploaded data. Attracted by the broad prospect of smart medicine, BAT and other Internet enterprises have participated in the smart medical industry. Alibaba founded Alibaba health  [15] ; Tencent launched the first AI+ medical product Tencent Meiying in 2017; many large enterprises integrated medical resources through mergers and acquisitions to lay out the intelligent medical industry chain. Then the coordinator transmits the data collected to the intelligent medical system. The data acquisition structure charts After collecting patients' physiological information from the node, various physiological sensors will continuously upload them to the coordinator. The general technique route of the algorithm is as follows: Propose a comprehensive sorting algorithm, on the basis of semantic matching and a first-come-first-served principle. First, match the Word segmentation information by queued delivery with the taglib of the analysis system. Finally, the request is inserted into the message queuing sequence by the matching degree. The general algorithm of this part is as follows: Define priority function: f x, y ax by ε, with a basic definition as follows: x: semantic matching degree, 0≤x≤1 y: a request arriving at the serial position, 0<y≤1 a is defined as the weight of semantic matching degree, 0<a<1 b is defined as the weight of serial position of Request arrives, 0<b<1, a+b=1 ε is defined as the disturbance value, 0≤ε≤0.1, with the default as 0. Generally, a is close to µ= 1 2 , formula_0 Therefore, the process of queuing algorithm based on Semantic matching is as follows: With the hypothesis that a= 1 2 (to take one half of the sum) x= 5 10 (there are 10 participles in semantic information, of which 5 are matched), y 1 (Before a new message arrives, assumes that the request queue has 10 participles waiting, then: f x, y y a x y ε =0.294, therefore, the priority value of the message is 0.294. The patients' vital signs data will be transferred into the data analysis system by the sensor, and then the data will be analyzed by the big data system, various signs data will be compared with the characteristic values of related diseases and the results will be returned. This research proposes an improved space vector model algorithm to ensure whether the patient has a related disease by the similarity between the physical signs and the disease on the basis of calculation of the sign value, continuous sign value and the disease characteristic value. An improved SVM calculation method is as follows: Definition 1 (conception): Define a tuple F= (X, Y, Z), in which x is the collection of all objects is the object property set, Z (X*Y), Z is a subset of X*Y. Definition 3: The concept similarity is calculated as:  formula_1 The column mixed operation formula is shown as  Figure 6 : (4) key plus calculation Key plus calculation operates the 128 bit key is XOR bit by bit with the data in the state matrix. The process of key plus calculation can be regarded as the result of Bitwise XOR or byte level or bit level operation. In this study, a design scheme of intelligent medical system based on semantic matching is proposed, with the front-end data acquisition which adopts ZigBee technology, and a semantic matching algorithm is innovatively proposed to solve the queuing problem of data transmission to ensure the accuracy of data transmission. Through ZigBee wireless sensor network, the system sends the physical parameters collected by various medical sensors to the information control terminal, and the improved spatial vector model is employed to process the uploaded data in the process of data transmission by the intelligent data analysis platform, and the security of data transmission is ensured by adopting the AES encryption algorithm in the whole process. The system can gather and process big health data of chronic patients, and realizes the discovery, tracking and treatment of chronic diseases. The semantic matching algorithm and the space vector model algorithm proposed by the system can be widely used in the data acquisition of clinical big data to provide theoretical and technical support for artificial intelligence to assist disease risk prediction. The intelligent system realizes the data collection of the whole process of outpatient service, examination and treatment, which can provide data support for the precise treatment of diseases.
paper_38	The results revealed that with a weak correlation, OL is a good predictor on the CGPA, a dependent variable, for academic performance which holds true for students who are in the CGPA category of '1st class' and '2nd Class Lower' respectively. Education is an essential issue regarding the development of any country in the world. In Nigeria, the demand to acquire university education has been on the increase than ever before  [2]  due to the increase in the population of graduates from secondary schools  [3] . Each student is expected to have at least five credit passes in not more than two sittings in Mathematics, English Language and three other science-based subjects such as Chemistry, Biology, Physics and Geography at the Ordinary Sa'adatu Abdulkadir and Francisca Nonyelum Ogwueleka: Predicting Students' First-Year Academic Performance Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria Levels (OL) of either Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) which is conducted by West Africa Examination Council (WAEC) and National Examination Council (NECO). Formula 1 is used for calculating the CGPA. As such, the CGPA is considered to be a good predictor indicator of a student's academic performance. Prediction and analysis of students' overall academic performance is a vital milestone in an educational environment that builds their future. Determine if any of the following entry qualification used for admission, OL results only, UTME scores only or Post-UTME scores (average of OL results and UTME scores) best predict the academic performance of students in the 100 level CGPA examinations; ii. Investigate the relationship between the students' performance of their entry qualification and the academic performance in the 100 level CGPA examinations. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores (average of OL results & UTME scores) of students and their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students and their first-year CGPA across each academic session, from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA across each academic session, from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? It is a yardstick that is used to ascertain the competences of a student from which his abilities could be determined. There are a lot of definitions of students' performance based on previous works of literature. In Nigeria, students are admitted into universities using their scores in the UTME as well as Post-UTME (PUTME) subject to having at least five OL credit passes in relevant subjects obtained in not more than two examination sittings including the English Language. Several studies have criticised the use of UTME and PUTME as an imperfect instrument for predicting academic performance of students. However, the following review of literature examined the relationships between UTME and PUTME scores as a predictor for the academic performance of students have revealed contradictions in their findings. A sample of 214 students records was used for data collection. Graduates with the best academic performance from the preliminary programmes were those admitted through the certificate programme. Due to this, the recommendation was that the stakeholders should review the use of UTME and PUTME results for university admissions. In the same vein,  [14]  tested the predictive power of the Using Entry Requirements for Faculty of Science in Kaduna State University, Kaduna -Nigeria JAMB UTME in predicting students' performance in the university's semester examination by using a regression model. The article recommended that JAMB should embark on a more realistic review of the content of the UTME to enhance its predictive validity. A population of 1650 students admitted into the university during the 2011/2012 academic session from Faculties of Arts, Education, Science and Social and Management Science was used to obtain their UTME, PUTME scores along with their GPA for eight semesters. The author further recommended the need for the PUTME exercise to be strengthened to have a fruitful admission of candidates. One major shortcoming of virtually all the studies reviewed is their scope in time and spread/coverage. The Faculty of Science consists of nine undergraduate B. Sc. The sample distribution is as shown in  Table 1 . The semester examinations were mostly essay type questions. However, the OL results obtained from the database was for students admitted during 2010/2011 to 2014/2015 academic sessions. The coding for the CGPA is also shown in  Table 4 . Since the focus of the study is to determine the predictive validity of OL results and CGPA scores (OL-CGPA), UTME and CGPA scores (UTME-CGPA), and PUTME and CGPA scores (PUTME-CGPA), the statistics employed on the extracted data were Multinominal Logistic Regression (MLR) and Pearson Product Moment Correlation (PPMC) coefficient. PPMC is used to determine the degree of relationship between two sets of variables and compute the strength of association between the variables  [19] . There are three types of linear relationship that may exist between these two variables namely positive linear correlation, negative linear correlation and no correlation. In other words, MLR is used to predict a nominal dependent variable given one or more independent variables. MLR can have interactions between nominal and continuous independent variables to predict the dependent variable. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores (average of OL results & UTME scores) of students and their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? Table 5  shows the summary of correlations coefficient between OL results and CGPA scores (OL-CGPA), UTME and CGPA scores (UTME-CGPA) and PUTME and CGPA scores (PUTME-CGPA) aimed at all the academic sessions for Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics degree programmes. How well do OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students predict their first-year CGPA in each of the respective undergraduate degree programmes in the Faculty of Science? Likelihood Ratio Tests is a statistical test of the goodness-offit between two models. Table 7  shows the results of the Parameter estimates, which is also called coefficients, for the Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) for each degree programme. A Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) was performed to model the relationship between the predictors and membership in the six groups, i.e., CGPA categories (Fail, Pass, 3 rd Class, 2 nd Class Lower, 2 nd Class Upper and 1 st Class) for each degree programme. Among the classification of degrees, each of the five subgroups for each programme, that is Pass, 3 rd Class, 2 nd Class Lower, 2 nd Class Upper and 1 st Class, are contrasted with the baseline group of 'fail' degree. For the Computer Science programme, the slopes (B) of OL in all the CGPA categories are positive. These showed that the relative strengths of their OL result performance on the CGPA categories of 'Pass', '3 rd Class', '2 nd Class Lower', '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' are higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail'. This result shows that the relative strength of UTME on the former is higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' and otherwise for the latter. Finally, the slope (B) of PUTME in all the CGPA categories is negative, which shows that the relative strength of those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' is higher than the other categories. What is the relationship between OL results, UTME scores and Post-UTME scores of students and their firstyear CGPA across the academic session, 2010/2011 to 2014/2015? Table 8  shows the summary of correlations coefficient between OL-CGPA, UTME-CGPA and PUTME-CGPA aimed at all the degree programmes for the academic sessions ranging from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015. The summary of  Table 8  shows the correlations of OL and CGPA scores, UTME and CGPA scores and PUTME and CGPA scores for all the programmes used for the analysis. In 2012/2013, UTME-CGPA (-0.363) and PUTME-CGPA (-0.123) have low negative relationship whereas OL-CGPA (0.111) has a low positive relationship. The OL-CGPA (-0.071), UTME-CGPA (-0.090), and PUTME-CGPA (-0.040) in the 2014/2015 session signifies a low negative correlation. Table 9  is the likelihood ratio test results for all academic sessions ranging from 2010/2011 to 2014/2015. For all the academic sessions as shown on the results, the first equation intercept is the log of the ratio of the possibility of a student having a 'Pass' degree to the possibility of that student having a 'fail' degree. Among the classification of degrees, each of the CGPA categories is contrasted with the baseline group of 'Fail' degree. For the students admitted during the 2010/2011 academic session, the slopes (B) of OL in all the CGPA categories are positive. These show that the relative strengths of their OL result performance on the CGPA categories of 'Pass', '3 rd Class', '2 nd Class Lower', '2 nd Class Upper' and '1 st Class' are higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail'. Furthermore, the slopes (B) of UTME in the CGPA categories of the '3 rd Class' is negatively signifying that the relative strength of UTME is lower than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' and the rest are positive which signifies otherwise. This indicates that the relative strength of UTME is higher than those with a CGPA category of 'Fail' and the rest of the CGPA categories are negative which indicates otherwise. Based on the analysis and results using MLR and PPMC for each programme and each academic session, it is evident that OL, UTME or PUTME could not individually significantly predict the academic performance of students in Faculty of Science. Also, there is a need to do a further study by including some more variables, such as age and senior secondary school mock examinations results, as criteria to significantly predict the academic performance of students successfully.
paper_57	This paper attempts to overcome stagnation problem of Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithms. Stagnation is undesirable state which occurs at a later phases of the search process. Exact algorithms for instance Dijkstra or Bellman-Ford appear to be slow and inefficient on large scale graphs. Ant colony optimization represents an efficient tool for optimization and design of graph oriented problems. It is a multi-agent meta-heuristic approach and was first purposed by M. Dorigo et al. [2]  as Ant system (AS) algorithm. The aim is to find the shortest path. At the beginning when no pheromone values are available heuristic values η ij takes dominance. The more pheromone is located on particular arc, the more attractive it appears. Heuristic values η ij affect probability only at the beginning when pheromone values are low. Let's mention ant colony system (ACS) with pseudo-random proportional rule  [3]  in which random uniformly distributed variable q ∈ (0,1) is compared with a tunable parameter formula_5 else the probability selection rule (3) is applied; random selection applied to AS rank  [4]  where random selection rate r is the probability of random selection and represents a user parameter which adjusts the balance between exploration and exploitation; prevention of quick convergence (i) and stagnation avoidance (ii) mechanisms applied to AS  [5] . This occurs in later stages of the search process, where pheromone values tend to be high, and thus the chance of further exploration is low. Genetic algorithms (GA) were proposed by  Holland (1975) . The original GA is known as simple genetic algorithm (SGA). The four main components of GA are representation (i), mutation (ii), crossover (iii) and selection (vi) mechanism. Each component is adapted in order to provide feasible solution for ACO algorithm. In each genome each gene is changed with the equal probability. The simplest form is one point mutation on  Fig. If more such nodes occur, random selection is applied. If more of such nodes exist, random selection is applied. In GA many selection (vi) mechanisms are available, like roulette-wheel selection, tournament selection, stochastic universal sampling or reward-based selection  [7] . At first mutation is applied. If mutation is not feasible, another node is chosen. If more candidates by which the selected node can be replaced occur, the new node is random chosen from the candidates. If mutation fails on all nodes of the tour, another tour is chosen. If no tour has common node with the first selected tour, another first tour is selected and the random selection process is repeated. The value for the number of cycles represents three macro cycles of ACO MC  [9]  for the same graph and parameters. Test graph is a symmetrical multi-graph with 80 nodes and 300 arcs  (Fig. The task is to find the shortest path between start node n s = 1 and end node n e = 80. For each setting 500 trials were performed. Results received without crossover operation have higher values along with the Mutation paths axis  (Fig. Genetic operations where nearly always feasible; ratio accomplished / required mutation operations is 100% and for the crossover operation over 99%. In order to determine the effect of crossover operation crossover rate was let to grow up to 100%  (Table 3) . 8) ; the highest output was gained for 60% of crossover rate. As the crossover rate increases, ratio accomplished / required operation decreases  (Fig. The mean value of the cycle when the best value was found is 109.081 with standard deviation 2.617. Limit of crossover is 60% of crossover rate. The higher the crossover rate, the lower the accomplished / required ratio. This can be explained by the nature of the mutation operation which creates new paths whilst crossover operation can only combine already existing solutions. The higher amount of mutation operations the higher the performance gain is. Without crossover operation distributed mutation operation has better performance, but with two crossover pairs concentrated mutation operation on less paths tends to perform better.
paper_78	Fuzzy C-means clustering is a soft technique and has some advantages in ecological studies. Glycyrrhiza uralensis is an endangered medicinal plant species and mainly distributed in North China. Each formation has its own composition, structure, distribution range and environment, and all of them should be protected effectively. Fuzzy C-means clustering is the only soft method in the clustering family and should have some advantages  [5] . Licorice (Glycyrrhiza uralensis) is one of the most popular Chinese herbal medicines and a significant resource plant species. The first DCA axis was used as the basic data X i in clustering. (3) Assigning the primary membership values, U 0 . formula_5 formula_7 Based on the new membership values U, we go back to the fourth step and calculated the next turn V j , (dA ij )  2  and U ij iteratively, and until the membership values become approximately stable. Twenty plots of 5 m × 5 m were established randomly at each site which is over 40 ha in area. In total, 191 plant species were recorded in 100 plots. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 75%, a shrub layer cover of 20% and an herb layer cover of 65%. The common species are Ziziphus jujuba var. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 5% and an herb layer cover of 70%. The common species are Oxytropis myriophylla, Polygonum divaricatum, Adenophora gmeliniia, Potencilla acaulis, Suaeda prostrate, Astragalus melilotoides, Allium condensatum, Artemisia ordosica, and Oxytropis grandiflora. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Ephedra przewalskii + Cancrinia discoidea. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 15% and an herb layer cover of 60%. The common species are Caragana korshinskii, Elaeagnus, mooceroftii, Suaeda prostrate, Artemisias phaerocephala, Saussurea laciniata, Saposhnikovia divariicata, Oxytropis glabra, and Artemisia ordosica. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Artemisia frigida. Its disturbance intensity is medium and heavy. The community has a total cover of 65%, a shrub layer cover of 10% and an herb layer cover of 60%. The common species are Salicornia Bigelivii, Carex duriuscula, Stipa sareptana, Artemisias phaerocephala, Alopecurus pratensis, Saposhnikovia divariicata, and Carex pediformis. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Carex pediformis +Stipa sareptana. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. The common species are Cleistogenes squarrosa, Caragana pygmaea, Hordeum brevisublatum, Ephedra sinica, Achnatherum sibiricum, Artemisia frigida, Viola tianschanica, Carex duriuscula, and Alopecurus pratensis. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Astragalinae triloa + Stipa sareptana. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. The community has a total cover of 75%, a shrub layer cover of 10% and an herb layer cover of 70%. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. The community has a total cover of 70%, a shrub layer cover of 15% and an herb layer cover of 65%. The common species are Caragana pygmaea, Astragalinae triloa, Stipa parpurea, Festuca logae, Artemisia kaschgarica, Polygonum viiiparum, Ephedra equisetina, Glycyrrhiza inflate, and Alyssum desertorum. Glycyrrhiza uralensis + Festuca logae + Stipa sareptana. Its disturbance intensity is heavy. Theoretically, fuzzy C-means clustering is the only one soft clustering method and can deal with much imprecise and incomplete information and has advantages in solving non-linear problems and in studying complex system  [2, 17] . Vegetation systems are very complex with interactions of species, communities, environmental variables, and so on  [18] .
paper_96	With the rapid development of China's transportation, the frequency of traffic accidents is also high. This not only restricted the development of China's transportation greatly, but also threatened to people's safety seriously. In particular, the accidents caused by the blind due to there are more frequent reproduction, so their traffic safety has become a big issue to solve urgently. In the program, a new type of "warning system of obstacle avoidance of embedded electronic guide dog" has been developed on the basis of careful analysis of all kinds of present anti-collision warning systems, which has a core micro-controller, 32-bit ARM7 microprocessor, and takes the embedded operating system uCLinux as its platform. Such warning system of obstacle avoidance of embedded electronic guide dog can effectively eliminate the impact of the traffic environment and the subjective factors of the blind, warning in advance for the travelling blind in time, effectively avoiding obstacles such as vehicles, to reduce traffic accidents caused by the their blindness. This humane technology innovation is the specific embodiment of environmental science and technology aesthetic theory in the field of scientific and technological innovation. I think that if electronic guide dogs guide them to avoid obstacles such as vehicles, the blind people are able to avoid such accidents, aren't they? The research on "warning system of embedded electronic guide dog avoiding obstacles" in this paper is an important part of intelligent electronic guide dog system, the study of which is mainly based on the embedded system, anti-collision warning system, and the USB technology is applied to warning system of embedded electronic guide dog avoiding obstacles. The design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog is an inheritance and innovation, based on the design of traffic information collecting system, which is generally used in vehicle anti-collision at present. In this way, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog has the following advantages. What's more, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog has utilized the core processor, based on the realization of the system function, and development conditions. Meanwhile, light and sound may make an auditory and visual stimulation for other pedestrians, arousing the attention of the blind and pedestrians to let them take appropriate actions at the same time to avoid accidents. Moreover, the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also selects USB protocol to transfer data, saving the collected data in the hardware after being managed. The overall design plan of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog mainly is the velocity and distance measurement module, the power circuit module, the LED screen show module, USBcommunication circuit module, and clock circuit module. The hardware of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog can reference the Figure 1:  Figure 1 : Schematic diagram of hardware system structure  [4] The selection of anti-collision warning system for the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog should start from the characteristics of the highway network and the street network construction in our country, combing with the characteristics of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of electronic guide dog, as well as the construction of our country's highway and street traffic integrated management system. Therefore, in the design process of the obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog, after the comprehensive and comparative analysis of the anti-collision warning techniques, we have compared the optimization principles of the anti-collision warning techniques, and finally adopt the approach of millimeter wave radar sensor + ARM microprocessor. The design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also adopts the generally used embedded processor. In addition, the design of obstacle-avoiding early warning system of embedded electronic guide dog also makes a full use of USB. USB is a new kind of computer peripheral communication interface standard, which abandons the defects of the traditional computer series/parallel, with advantages of the reliability of data transmission, hot plug (plug and play), convenient extension, and low cost. The warning system of embedded electronic guide dog avoiding obstacles studied in the project can effectively eliminate the influence of traffic environment and blind subjective factors, send the pre-trip alarm for the blind in time, effectively avoid obstacles such vehicles, to reduce traffic accidents caused due to the blindness. This humanized technology innovation is the embodiment of environmental science and technology aesthetics theory in the field of science and technology innovation practice. This has not only a positive role in promoting the development of Chinese transport and the blind welfare, but also important practical significance and practical value for us to build a harmonious society and a beautiful China.
paper_134	The most jobbery ways during olive oil production consist of mixing other oils such as maize, sunflower, Canola and corn into the olive oil. Data mining takes advantage of the progress made in artificial intelligence and statistics. These methods are very damaging, costly and time-consuming. Among the non-destructive methods, the dielectric method has advantages due to the relationship between the steady-state dielectric with some qualitative materials, the cost less than other methods, high speed and high efficiency in the construction of systems Different recognition of quality has attracted the attention of many researchers  [5] . The latest statistics have shown that every Iranian consumes 100 grams of olive oil per year. This high price, in addition to having an impact on consumption, has been motivated to enter the market for profits. This high price, in addition to having an impact on consumption, has been motivated to enter the market for profits  [10] . The second pertain to data mining algorithms; third part related to samples and used methods in the article. (2010) conducted a research on olive oil for detecting adulteration using a dielectric spectrum. The relationship between the rates of fruit dielectric constant in a frequency of 1 kHz to 10 MHz was investigated. The results of the prediction were satisfactory and the correlation coefficient between the actual yield and the expected value of the fruit was 0.85  [13] . The results showed a significant difference between DC / DV ratio during storage period. 70% of the data was for network training, 15% for validation and 15% for the network testing. In order to select the best network, the number of hidden layer neurons was changed from 2 to 50  [15] . In this article the experiment was done by olive, sunflower, Canola and corn oil. The device used consists of the Arduino board, ICL8083 and AD8302. The Arduino board is used on the Uno device, which uses the Atmega2560 microcontroller. The microcontroller is an electronic application chip that can increase the speed and efficiency of the circuit versus reducing the volume and cost of the circuit. The AD8302 chipset has been used to measure the domain and fuzzy detection, as well as to measure the dielectric parameters. Support Vector Machine Regression (SVR) aims at finding a linear hyper plane, which fits the multidimensional input vectors to output values. One of the new ideas in identifying and categorizing patterns is a backup vector machine or SVM. In this study, coarse function was used to regression test data. Using this technique, the amount of RMSE for the samples were equal to 3.56, 2.45, 3.05 and the amount R 2 was equal to 0.92, 96 and 94, respectively. Also, in regard to the amount of RMSE, result has shown 4.81, 2.54, and 4.38 for Olive-Sunflower, Olive-Canola and Olive-corn, respectively. The results were predicted and modeled using regression methods. In this article two factors (gain voltage and phase shift voltage) were measured. It is noticed that The AD8302 measures the magnitude ratio, defined here as gain, and phase difference between two signals. In this study, Quadratic function was used to regression test data. Figure 2  shows response diagrams for adulterated samples of olive-sunflower, olive-canola, olive-corn Using this technique, the amount of RMSE for the samples were equal to 3.65, 2.46, 3.31 and the amount R 2 was equal to 0.92, 96 and 93, respectively. Comparison of the testing stage of these techniques showed coarse tree was the best prediction. Interestingly, olive-Canola oil samples predicted with high accuracy in all techniques. As regards, the accuracy of the methods are close together, this can be concluded that all selected techniques, presented here, have a good potential to be used to determine olive oil fraud. As regards, the accuracy of the methods are close together, this can be concluded that all selected techniques, presented here, have a good potential to be used to determine olive oil fraud.
paper_139	Much effort made towards in investigates mechanism with identical detection algorithms, still the retrieved web documents with outmodedlink. In this proposed system, we are successfully identifying and minimize the redundant information and like link in web documents. Utilizing customary data recovery  [5]  and information mining systems it get to the known and obscure data from the Web content. A query is searched in a web search tool to recover some significant and required data for the client, either the search query is known or unintelligible to the client, it generally to reply with relevant data rather than redundant, however we can't guarantee that the reply for the query about the significance and redundancy. Once the input query is requested, the search engine generate the document with multiple web pages along with the links, the user will be unaware about the content of the web pages, the extracted web documents contain multiple web pages either be redundant or not. The Document retrieved must follow some constraints which have less time & space requirements, based upon the criteria the extracted web document must be preprocessed, for preprocessing & information selection, need to apply some techniques such as stop word removal, Stemming of word, phrasing, normalization of tokens. Step2: Pick the minimum degree vertex 'v' in the set-up and include in the set U. Step3:While U doesn't include all vertices Step3A: Include the entire isolated vertex which is adjacent to the vertex 'v' to U. Step3B: Find the adjacent vertex 'u' to 'v' which is not in U and has maximumdegree. Update 'u' to U. Step3C: Update the value of degree for all adjacent vertices of 'u'. Apply the proposed KTMIN-JAK-MAXAM ALGORITHMto G 1 By step 1: deg(All Nodes of G 1 ) = 3 By step 2: Mark the node A as visited and put it onto the set U. By step 3: There is no isolated vertex in the given graph G 1 By step 4: 4.1 Investigate any unvisited adjacent node from A. 4.3 Now travel around the node 2, the unvisited adjacent node is from 2 as 1 and 4. After inclusion of the node 1 the set U consists of the nodes A, B, 2, 1. 4.4 Discover the node 1, the unvisited adjacent node is from 1 as only 3. Now the set U consists of the nodes A, B, 2, 1, 3. Case II: Connected Complete Network G 4 in figure 8  Here notice that, all complete connected networks G, after applying the proposed KTMIN-JAK-MAXAM ALGORITHM to G, we get linear path of length (n-1).
paper_145	Among them 44.3 percent were overweight and obese. With the increase in age significant increase in prevalence rate of obesity was observed. Overweight and obesity were more among urban residents compared to rural residents and they were thirty two percent more exposed to overweight and obesity. The proportion of overweight and obese was higher among them who did not do any physical labor. According to factor weights it was noted that the important factors for variation in the level of obesity were mainly gender variation followed by occupation, education and type of work. The prevalence of overweight and obesity has increased rapidly over the last decades especially in developed countries  [1] [2] [3] . Obesity is generally associated to a significantly higher risk of arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus (DM), hepatic steatosis, hyperdyslipidemia and renal failure  [5, 6] . It had been observed in some research findings that youth who do not meet guidelines for dietary behavior, physical activity and sedentary behavior have greater insulin resistance than those who do meet guideline  [12] . For this reasons, World Health Organization considers the epidemic a worldwide problem which requires public health intervention  [13]  that act on different factors associated with overweight and obesity as well as technological changes that have lowered the cost of living of the people so that people can avail sufficient food with required protein. But people are less aware, specially the rural people, of the problem of obesity and the factors responsible for this. As a result, the factors responsible for obesity and the related diseases are not well identified. The aim of this paper was to identify the socioeconomic factors responsible for obesity and overweight among some rural and urban people of Bangladesh. The important factors for obesity and overweight were identified by factor analysis, where largest factor weight indicated the most important variables  [14, 15]  responsible for obesity. The data were collected through a pre-designed and pretested questionnaire during the months of May and June, 2015 by some undergraduate and post graduate students of American International University-Bangladesh, most of whom were doctors and nurses, of the department of Public Health and they were associated with public health services. Besides the factor analysis, the association of different socioeconomic variables with level of obesity were investigated. Significant association was decided by chi-square test with p-value< 0.05 and odd ratio was calculated for respondents who were overweight and obese compared to normal group. It was observed from the analysis that among 900 respondents 7.6 percent were underweight [  Table 1 ] and 19.1 percent of them were from rural area. Obesity was observed among 15.3 percent people and overweight respondents were 34.0 percent. In each level of obesity the majority were from urban area. However, urban people were more exposed to overweight and obesity by thirty two percent compared to rural people [O. R.= 1.32]. The levels of obesity were significantly different among males and females [  Table 2 , P (χ2 ≥ 27.546) = 0.000]. They were in more risk of overweight and obesity by 51 percent compared to males [O. R.= 1.51] Obesity and severe obesity were observed almost similar among Muslims and Non-Muslims [  Table 3 ]. Significant differences in proportions of obesity among the two religious groups were noted [P (χ2 ≥ 10.82)= 0.012]. But the O. R.= 1.07 indicated that both the religious groups were similarly exposed to overweight and obesity. Similar normal group was noted among the other group of respondents. Levels of obesity was significantly associated with levels of ages [P (χ2 ≥ 18.34) = 0.008]. But if classification of respondents was done into two groups, one group of ages <40 years and another group of ages 40 years and above, both the groups were almost similarly exposed to overweight and obesity [O. R.= 0.81]. The proportions of different levels of obesity according to professional variations were significant [P (χ2 ≥ 46.472) = 0.000]. But, all other professional groups of respondents had the similar risk of obesity compared to servicemen [O. R. = 1.04]. Significant association was noted between the level of obesity and the level of income [P(χ2 ≥ 64.994) = 0.00]. So far we had discussed the results of association of levels of obesity and some socioeconomic characteristics. Now, let us observe the association of level of obesity and prevalence of diabetes. But overweight and obese respondents were 62 percent more exposed to diabetes compared to other groups of respondents [O. R.=1.62] In one study  [20] , it was reported that smoking was one of the factor to increase the level of obesity. The association between smoking habit and level of obesity was significant [P(χ2 ≥ 20.189) = 0.0.002]. The association between smoking habit and level of obesity was significant [P(χ2 ≥ 20.189) = 0.0.002] and smokers were 21 percent more exposed to overweight and obesity compared to non-smokers [O. R. = 1.21]. Thus, we were in search of identification of most important variables to explain the variation in the levels of obesity in the present data  [14] . The variables which were included in the analysis were sufficient to explain the variation as KMO = 0.633, χ2 = 256.371, p-value = 0.000. From the analytical results it was seen that all the p-values were less than 0.05 which indicated that the inclusion of variables for factor analysis were justified. These three variables were more important for the variation in the level of obesity. The factor analysis extracted 5 components as these components explained 73.309 percent variation in the observations of obesity. From the factor analysis it was noted that the coefficients of the variables gender was highest followed by occupation, education and type of work. This component explained 25.733 percent variation in the data of obesity. This information were noted from the characteristic roots of the correlation matrix of the variables, where the roots were 2.573, 1.616, 1.086, 1.053, and 1.003. The second component showed that the most important variables to explain the variation in the data of obesity were residence followed by religion and income. This component explained 10.86 percent variation of the obesity. The analysis presented here was done from the data collected from 635 diabetic patients and 265 control group of respondents. Higher (71.6%) prevalence rate of diabetes was noted among the overweight and obese group of respondents. The prevalence of overweight and obesity were significantly associated with age, religion, education, occupation, marital status, income and smoking habit. Factor analysis also indicated that some of the socioeconomic variables were responsible for increased rates of overweight and obesity. The percentages of these four groups of respondents were 7.6, 43.1.34.0 and 15.3, respectively. The obesity is one of the risk factor of prevalence of non-communicable diseases  [NCD]  and it enhances the arterial hypertension, diabetes renal failure etc. Among the respondents 84.1 percent were of the age 40 years and above and among them 42.8 percent were overweight and obese. The factor analysis showed that sex, occupation, education and type of work were more important to explain the variation in the level of obesity.
paper_212	Despite the spread of HIV/AIDS having been explored widely, not much literature is available on the Gillespie Algorithm based SIR model. We conclude that the simulated model reflects reality. On June 5, 1981 a mysterious disease was recognized among MSM in the USA. In the same year, it was identified that it attacks the immune system of the host, incapacitating them to heal subsequently leading to death. In 1984, Robert Gallo discovered that HIV was responsible for AIDS. This virus, being highly transmittable is analyzed and capturing how it is transmitted is crucial in attempting to model the disease. In 1984, several HIV and AIDS cases were documented in Kenya. The following year, 26 new cases of HIV were recorded from sex workers and the NAC was established. The NACC was established under Section 3 of the State Corporations Act Cap 446 through the National AIDS Control Council Order, 1999 published vide Legal Notice No. This accounts for 4% of new pediatric infections worldwide. The number of those that died account for 7% of the global total. Sex workers have the highest percentage of HIV prevalence at 29.3% according to the Kenya HIV estimates report-National Aids Control Council. In 2010 several authors came up with a model to predict HIV transmission in China in 2002  [3] . The transmission parameter was held constant for all stages of HIV. This model approximated that there would be 6000000 cases of HIV and 400000 cases of AIDS in China if there were no forms of interventions implemented. In 2007 the government of China alongside UNAIDS made an estimate of 700000 cases of HIV and 85000 cases of AIDS in China at the time, which is much lower that the estimates made by Liu  [4] . The group most affected would be the 31-40 years group. The parameter depended on the varying population size N. This meant that both the population size varied as well as the transmission/contact rate. Despite the fact that a lot of research has been done on modeling disease trajectory, not much literature is available on the use of Gillespie based SIR models to simulate the trajectory of a disease in the population. In their works they build a disease spread prediction model based on the SIR model and applied parameter values to a stochastic model based on Gillespie's algorithm. This is applied to data and the conclusion was that the model well explains the process of the spread of the disease in the population  [10] . This paper will contribute and build on to the existing literature on modeling disease dynamics in the population with the model tested on HIV/AIDS data 1985-2018 to investigate if the simulated values would reflect results that are close to reality. The Classic SIR model The Kermack-McKendrick theory illustrates individuals grouped as susceptible and removeds only  [13] . denotes the birth rate and death rate denotes the infection rate denotes the recovery rate t denotes time point Model development The Gillespie algorithm was used to simulate a statistically correct trajectory given initial SIR conditions. The model explored how altering transmission dynamics affected the model as a whole. The stochastic SIR model. The assumption is that the population is finite and is sub-divided into categories of finite discrete compartments. Continuous-time Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. The Markov property lets us specify a model by giving the transition probabilities-defined as rates-on a small interval between the compartments. This implies the probabilities are individual therefore discrete. A Markov chain is interpreted here then, as a stochastic discrete-valued model with the Markov property that future states of a process depend on the current state. Continuoustime Markov chains are the basic tool for building discrete population epidemic models. The Markov property lets us specify a model by giving the transition probabilities-defined as rates-on a small interval between the compartments. In order to assess how the simulated data performs against natural data, a modified chi-square test was used. The data was obtained from NACC for HIV/AIDS cases. 4 5 = If the mean and variance of the simulated and natural data are not equal, the simulated data fits the natural data. A modified chi-square test for simulation models was used to see how well the simulated data fit the natural data  [18] . A stochastic SIR model was simulated with a mean step size of 0.006336446. Curves produced are illustrated below. where C represents the variance of D The calculated value found was 64.958. The critical value was 47.4. Mathematical modeling of disease trajectory using Gillespie based algorithms is yet to be explored extensively in literature. In this study, a simulation was carried out on the SIR model to explain the trajectory of the disease by employing a stochastic element using Gillespie's simulation algorithm. Recommendation for research would be to explore other variations of the SIR model such as SI, SEIR under Gillespie's algorithm. The SIR model as well as Gillespie algorithm could continue to be applied other areas such as viral marketing and behavioural science as has already been done successfully.
paper_214	The paper presents the usage of databases that store business data into a warehouse star model that permits to create queries using SQL language and business intelligence tools. This kind of model allow to the decision maker to create complex reports and graphs based on the columns from the dimension tables and measures from fact tables, that can be the base for creating alternatives and scenarious acording to the economical indicators. The business environments require analyses on large amount of data, big data and necessitate advanced tools to query through numerous criterias and also to create different realistic scenarious that allow choosing one option, so the business manager can use the right tool to gain economic advantage. Among the methods most commonly used are decision analysis and mathematical programming  [1, 2] . It is the only method that can be applied to unstructured problems. simulation models have a procedural nature, their solution involving the processing of experiments created within the system. This led to consideration of simulation as one of the most powerful tools in decision making. Simulation becomes a technical coordination of procedures using the computer. The solution offered is one spot that has no counterpart in the real system. always taking into account the unique factors of a problem specific results can not be transferred to other issues; results are difficult to interpret, being dependent on random factors; no matter how powerful your computer is, the optimal solution is difficult to obtain a model that has many equations and a significant number of parameters. The simulation can be conventionally divided into the following steps: the problem and research purpose; model development and data collection system; model verification and validation; describing experiments on the computer; simulation execution and achieving results; analyze the simulation results. In order to build models, the decision is based on information provided far more comprehensive than reports and other economic indicators required or provided by the business itself. Decision making process, conducted with the help of tools, methods and techniques, conduct to the scenarios constructed according to a definite objective. The activity of the coordinations of inputs is done in most cases with specialized software systems that create analytical databases or modeling languages. To be more precise, a specific problem highlighted in a model is called one of the most used tools in the decision making simulation. The next logical of optimization and forecasting, simulation assists with the running complex patterns, resulting variables whose analysis highlights the value adopated lead to a decision. The outputs from the process of decision making, represented by analytical indicators reflecting the performance of the system analyzed variables results the evaluation criteria or implementation plans of the decisions  [2, 3] . Evaluation of search results depends on the method of presenting results and depends on the facilities of component dialog with users that provide inputs. The decident system uses a dialog interface with the key users of the company, enabling connectivity and communication between networks with different topologies and areas. Solving the result of communication between all stakeholders, sharing the general manager responsibilities both at decisionmaking levels and the corresponding subproblems defined. For example, after the first phase, the scope may relate to excessive spending decisions of a functional department, inventories too high or adoption of a draft research and evaluation on the introduction of computers  [3, 4] . Modeling takes expression of reality by means of abstract entities possessing quantitative and qualitative attributes. It receives relevant and substantiated elements on activity in the real system and builds models for solving future decision making on the basis of current assessments.Of the foregoing that a decision support system provides a filtering of information provided to decision makers and indicates certain restrictions. In current systems, the company's intranet, are increasingly present data accessible through web browsers and multimedia items such as maps, images, sounds. The data source, internal or external, data is extracted and managed by a management database. The management of the database depends on the organization of data. In most cases there is SGBS transactional relational data system and a management database for multidimensional data warehouses created. The data dictionary is a catalog of all data from the database. The most common data dictionary used in the first phase of decision making is data mining to identify their problems and opportunities. The subsystem management model consists of the following components: base models, the management models, dictionary and processor execution models and integration patterns Base models contain the set of models that make it possible to analyze the facts and the choice of options in terms required by the user. In building a data warehouse is based on the analysis of data. Conceptual models are multidimensional and designed to organize data necessary decision-making process on issues. The star is the type of aggregation criteria when codes are explained in type tables list. Using data from lists, star type structure enables higher levels of aggregation on the initial size  [4, 6] . Data warehouse star The eastern type constellation when several schemes that use the same type star catalogs. The advantages of using databases for Decision Support Systems in businesses involves creating numerous queries by the decision maker and also allow to create many scenarious and variants to choose from. In the business area is crucial to store data into a warehouse such as a star modell and create many queries and reports so the decision maker can see the trends of the economical indicators and helps him to make a decision that can improve those numbers or it can be useful to implement a strategy for a further development  [1, 3] . The databases permits flexibility in creating queries by choosing columns from dimension tables and measures from the fact table and so the decision maker may choose what economical indicators is useful to analyse and also permits to create different types of graphs such as columns, pies, scatter points or webs. By simply analysing these reports and graphs helps the decision maker to create different scenarious by changing target indicators and corelate with the economical indicators that can't be changed  [2, 5] . It is very important to store data into a warehouse model and then to create future strategies that can help a company to expand or to grow the profit in a realistic way based on complex analyses and alternatives.
paper_216	Amongst the non-parametric approaches used to improve the accuracy of the model in this study is the Wavelet-based pricing model. This study made an attempt to improve the accuracy of option price estimation using Wavelet method and it improves the accuracy due to its ability to estimate the risk neutral MGF. The MSE and RMSE of Wavelet model is 0.208546 and 0.456669 respectively which is much lower than that of Black-Scholes model and therefore in conclusion, Wavelet model outperforms the other model. The Black Scholes model has been developed under some assumptions such as the risk-free rate and volatility of the returns are known and constant, the returns of the underlying security are normally distributed, markets are efficient (market movements cannot be predicted). In the real market, the asset returns follow a leptokurtic distribution which is in contrast to the Black-Scholes model where returns are assumed to be log-normally distributed. In the previous researches, it has been shown that distribution in the option prices is skewed to the left (negatively skewed)  [3] . Variables used in this model are observable, for example the time to expiration, exercise price and the closing price except the volatility which is not directly observable. The Wavelet based pricing model is another nonparametric method alternative used to price derivatives  [4] . According to the literature, this model is the latest theoretical contribution to the option pricing and it is better at capturing the volatility smiles which is as a result of the Black-Scholes' assumption on volatility constant. The implied risk neutral moment-generating functions (MGF) is estimated by the wavelet method. This research therefore compared the performance of Wavelet based pricing model and Black-Scholes model in the valuation of a European option. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows: Section 2 discusses the existing literature; Section 3 presents an overview of the Black-Scholes model and Wavelet based pricing model. Their formula can be used to obtain the following parameters; the spot price, the exercise price, interest rate, time to maturity and volatility. This model has been discussed extensively in order to improve its pricing biases and to impose more practical assumptions. The derivation of the pricing formula is independent on the parametric form of the underlying security's price dynamics and hence the success of this model depends on the accurate capture of dynamics of the underlying security's price process. According to the researches as far as pricing derivative securities is concerned, Wavelet based option pricing model is the latest option pricing model in the literature  [6] . The approximation of the implied risk-neutral MGF of the underlying security (asset) returns was focused by developing a non -parametric option pricing model called Wavelet model  [4] . The following are some examples of these advantages; when there is presence of jumps in the underlying process MGF is more tractable, the option's obtained MGF is a continuous function, statistical moments of the asset distributions can be obtained using MGF and the risk neutral MGF can be used to estimate the out of sample options that has maturity dates which are different. The second use of wavelet method is that, they can be used to de-noise raw data. Also, wavelets can be used to improve analysis of volatility since they are a preprocessing denoising tool  [10] . The de-noising ability of wavelets was also recognized in  [7] . formula_0 From the Black-Scholes formula above, we see that the strike price (K), risk free interest rate (r), time to maturity (T), the volatility (") and the current price of the stock (S0) are required. Based on some general assumptions like independent and identically distribution (iid) for asset returns and that the moment generating function is defined well, the wavelet based pricing model can be expressed as follows; formula_1 Where, t is the current time, is the underlying asset price at time t, # $ is the time t price for a European call option written on asset, K is the strike price and T is the future maturity date. The underlying asset dynamics and investor expectation in option prices is captured by the MGF Θ !$ + of the logarithmic returns /0 7 . This needs to be approximated by wavelets. In order to approximate the implied MGF using the wavelet method, one has to choose a particular wavelet from a large family of wavelets. To estimate the risk neutral MGF of the return per unit time, we use the Franklin hat function f (t) expressed as; The data sets consist of simulated stock prices, the exercise price, the time to matureness, interest rate and volatility. The focus on this study was on pricing of a European Call option using two models, one parametric model (BS Model) and one non-parametric models (Wavelet Pricing Model). In order to estimate the risk neutral Moment Generating Function of the underlying security from option prices, we applied the methodology of wavelet. Therefore, one of the most significant input of this study is that the wavelet -based pricing model is an alternative model for pricing options and other derivatives on the same underlying asset with varying times to maturity and different strike values. The superiority of the wavelet method comes from the ability of the wavelets to estimate the risk neutral MGF. This is evident from the values of the RMSE and MSE, whereby MSE of wavelet model is lower than that of Black-Scholes model.
paper_219	This paper introduces a framework to determine data quality on enterprise networks for net-centric and net-ready initiatives as introduced by the US Department of Defense (DoD). The QDS attribute brings distinction to the resultant data quality of the network's quality of service. This distinction is necessary to reflect the separation in procurement and management for sensor systems and network systems for the DoD. There is also a need to assess the quality of data sharing across the enterprise network. One recent method subjectively assess the quality of data is to measure the user satisfaction referred to as quality of experience (QoE). The overall value of data quality on enterprise networks is decided using a minimax decision model consisting of the three attributes. The minimax decision model is chosen to meet the design philosophy that little advantage to the overall enterprise network performance will result from further investment in high performing attributes prior to balancing performance across all three model attributes. The presented framework offers decision support tools to enable agencies to allocate limited resources towards improving the performance of their net-centric service offerings to the enterprise network. A fundamental shift in paradigm is required to ensure the stressors of conducting military operations are supported through data (of both high-quality and high-relevance) and, not burdened by attempts to manage its excess. The US Department of Defense (DoD) introduced the terms net-centric and net-ready to describe the mechanisms by which operators can search and discover information within the bounds of data. Successful policy implementation amongst other factors requires system analysis methods that assist acquisition agencies in targeting limited developmental resources to areas of greatest impact to the overall mission objectives. This paper introduces such a method in support of achieving maximum data quality for military enterprise networks: a quantitative mechanism by which the value of different net-ready implementation options can be evaluated and graded. Importantly, a model for valuing enterprise data quality is introduced to bridge the gap between measure of technical performance and operational benefit. The attributes in the new model represents data quality of the enterprise system within three contexts: net-centric measures, traditional network quality of service, and cyber-security. This directive and the subsequent series of 8320 series documents identify "the cornerstones of Net-Centric Data sharing"; data shall be visible, accessible, understandable, and trusted  [6] . The NR KPP specifies the attributes required of data sharing Information Technology (IT) introduced into the net-centric operational environment: (1) IT must be able to support military operations (SMO), IT must be able to be entered and managed on the network (EMN), and (3) IT must effectively exchange information (EI)  [3] . Making data accessible requires providing authorized users the ability to view, transfer, download, or otherwise consume a data asset once discovered  [6] . Making data understandable requires alignment of terminology, data protocols, data formats, and data meaning between produced and consumer  [6] . A consumer's trust in a data asset is dependent on multiple facets: assessment of the data asset authority, clear identification of the data asset source, tagging with appropriate security metadata, and maintaining a full pedigree of the data asset throughout the full process  [6] . To satisfy the attribute of support to military operations, IT deployed to the operational environment must support identifiable net-centric operational tasks and mission objectives  [3] . The performance of the IT must be quantifiable with threshold and objective values that are traceable to measures of effectiveness (MOEs)  [3] . To satisfy the attribute of entered and managed on the network, the IT connections to external networks required to perform net-centric operational tasks must be identified  [3] . non-generic); the required performance of the connections be identified by quantifiable and testable measures of performance (MOPs); and the connectivity must be managed by a structured methodology  [3] . The specific data elements and assets exchanged with external networks as part of executing net-centric operational tasks are specified by the exchange information attribute  [3] . Each net-centric information exchange defined MOPs that are measurable and each information exchange must also identify how the four criteria for net-centric data sharing (visible, accessible, understandable, and trusted) are satisfied for authorized consumers across the enterprise  [3] . Evaluation of the data sharing enterprise requires a holistic view that considers the net-centric attributes of the data simultaneously with the quality of service for the data network. The combined consideration for each of these areas yields a newly defined model for the data sharing enterprise comprised of three equally important attributes: data relevance, quality of data at source, and quality of service for the enterprise network. The most commonly used subjective rating in standards and in conjunction with QoE is the mean opinion score (MOS) where score of 1 is bad, 2 is poor, 3 is fair, 4 is good, and 5 is excellent. Where an accurate model exists for QoE as a function of that attribute's objective measures then it's used instead of sampling users' opinions. Thus to avoid bias consider unequal sampling of the user population by using login authentication to identify users to form strata of homogenous users. The survey is not just restricted to a complete enterprise system but can be performed in the early design phases of prototypes and help analyze operational performance of an enterprise attribute as a function of its objective measures, i.e. A novel application to networks of a common survey practice is proposed to use the Horvitz-Thompson (HT) estimator  [10]  for determining the value of the total score of the population of size N. HT is commonly used because of its versatility as an unbiased estimator of the total for a sampling/sample with or without replacement. Where it is not easy to design a stratified sampling plan a stratification post collection of n samples without replacement can be constructed. An important part of assessing the end-to-end performance of a data system is consideration of the inherent quality of the originating data prior to its entry into the network; to be referred to as the quality of data at source (QDS). There are three levels of reference used in determining the models for estimating the subjecting ratings: full reference (undistorted service is available for comparison with distorted outcome), partial (or reduced) reference, and no reference. Subjective judgment or QoE is not just about the quality of the video alone, but is also about assessing the usefulness of video to complete a task of identification of human and objects  [16] . data at the source as well as objective measurements of that data on the network that can be used to correlate with the end user's QoE. Examples include understanding relationships between objective measures of QoS like jitter, throughput, and latency to be able to control the QoE. It is expected that models of QoE can be accurately built as a function of objective measures from network, applications, environment, and terminals. The use of the QoE estimate is proposed to provide a subjective rating of the overall relevance of data shared on the enterprise. The three principal elements of data relevance and their respective effects on the QoE for data relevance are now discussed, as depicted in  Fig. One way to analyze these properties and their effect on QoE is to form each stratum of (3) in such a way that we have homogenous groups of consumers with similar intrinsic DR properties. The measure of tagged data relevance corresponds to how accurate the data producer was in expressing the intrinsic data relevance through the application of metadata that is understandable, relatable, and unambiguous to the data consumer. Tagged data relevance is a function of the quality of the taxonomy, the process performance, and the degree of understanding the producer has of the potential consumers. The processing of tagged relevance involves the review and analysis of the data product to assess its key features followed by the application of specific metadata values. The goal of the tagging and discovery process is to connect highly relevant data with an authorized consumer. The measure of discovered data relevance is an indication of how well the enterprise system enables a consumer to differentiate the data product offerings accessible via the network according to the level of relevance and value to the mission objectives. To support a high level of discovered relevance, The taxonomy available to the consumer must be sufficient to explicitly discriminate the desired data features from the undesired. The processing element of discovered relevance is a measure of how well the search methods of the system match the descriptive words of the consumer (i.e. Just as the performance of tagged relevance is improved by an understanding of the consumer by the producer, discovered relevance benefits from awareness that the consumer has of the full range of data offerings of the enterprise and how they may be described. This is why an overall QoE value for data relevance is important as it indicates the relative success of the discovery process across multiple groups of users at finding data with intrinsic relevancy suitable to meet their needs. Thus, aside from determining the value of enterprise data quality for purposes of data prioritization, we also have an analytical tool to identify areas of improvement and to allocate resources more effectively across the overall system. We explain here our method to evaluate the overall quality of data of the enterprise based on a minimax decision criterion and its connection with minimax game theory. Going through each action of Player one with knowledge of player two actions L, R we have maximum payoff for player one for U of 5, for D of 5, for N of 4, making a minimax pay-off action of player one of N. Player two takes each action along columns for action L maximum payoff is 4 and 3 for action R, resulting in minimax action for Player two of R with payoff of 3. Thus, the minimax strategy is Player one move of N and Player two move of R with a payoff vector (4, 3). The formal definition of Wald minimax model is  And for QoS the objective measures could be latency, packet loss, jitter, and sequence of packets. percentage of spatial and temporal coverage between consumer desired and actual data, and percentage of ontology alignment user and producer. formula_5 Thus, for each d in D, starting with d=QDS, a state vector s max (d) is found that produces max s in S(d) f d (s) where f d (s) is a discrete function formed by a predictive model for QoE or in the absence of a model formed from direct user sampled MOS value calculated using (3), i.e. 3 , a particular value of enterprise data quality is given at the start, but from start one could continue to improve QoS and QDS under Option A with no increase in the value of enterprise data quality, whereas Option B modifying the system delivering DR does increase the overall enterprise data quality. This paper introduced a framework to determine data quality on enterprise networks for DoD net-centric and net-ready initiatives. The framework's data quality model consists of three attributes: quality of data at the source, data relevance, and network QoS. The paper described the data quality using minimax decisions based on users' survey ratings for a given enterprise configuration. The implemented strategy provides a tool for decision makers to prioritize data and manage their resources without comprising any part of the data sharing system. The paper notes the definition of the relationships between attribute's objective measures and the final quality of experience. Thus, support is indicated for further research in the development of objective measures using the definition of data relevance elements presented and to determine models for predicting QoE ratings as a function of these objective measures.
paper_241	So the use of transformers protection in electric power systems is very crucial and critical as they are required for efficient transportation of electricity to consumers for long term. This paper is concerned with the differential current protection scheme of transformer using a differential relay technique with arduino Uno microcontroller as a differential relay responsible for comparing the differential current values and sends trip signal to the relay (acting as circuit breaker) to open the circuit when there is fault in the protected zone as a result of imbalance in the differential current values. The demand of electricity in our modern day as led to advancement in electrical power systems, which is reflected in the development of all the power system device generators, different sizes of transformers, transmission lines and the protection equipment. The Differential current protection scheme is based on the principle that the input power to the transformer under normal condition is equal to the output power and is concerned with having a differential or balanced current between the primary and secondary side which would be digitally displayed  [2] . [4] Ochieng designed a microcontroller based power transformer protection system which uses a current sensor as the interfacing instrument between the current transformer and the pic16f690 microcontroller. This paper is concern with the implementation of digital differential current protection of a single phase transformer using Arduino Uno microcontroller as a mechanism of differential relay. The fundamental idea of the differential current protection scheme is to provide protection to the transformer if any fault occurs in the protected zone that will cause an imbalance in the differential currents. When there is an occurrence of internal fault an imbalanced or non-zero differential current will flow through the operating coil of the differential relay which would be substituted with a microcontroller that sends a trip signal to the relays needed to open the circuit. The magnetizing inrush current is a phenomenon that occurs during brief initial state of energization of the transformer even when the secondary side has no load connected to it and has its current a lot higher than the rated current  [6] [7] [8] . The power transformer to be protected is connected to the main AC supply and delivered power (P=IV) to the output terminal. The power transformer primary and secondary currents are measured by the current transformers, which are to be protected by the Arduino and the circuit breaker. The current transformers are each connected to the primary and secondary side of the step-up transformer and are used to reduce the currents to a measureable value that can be sensed by the current sensors. The Arduino microcontroller acts as differential current comparator connected to both current sensors ACS712 and as control unit in this design. As a differential current comparator it is used to compare the current values from the outputs of both Current sensors at the primary and secondary sides of the power respectively, computes their resultant difference, which would process an instruction to send a trip signal to the relay depending on its programming and the time required to clear a fault. A bridge rectifier is used to convert the alternating current from the secondary side of the step-down transformer to direct current for use by the microcontroller. The differential protection of a transformer is implemented using Arduino Uno microcontroller as a decision making device that sends a trip signal to the relay (acting as circuit breaker) whenever there is faults (internal or external faults). This paper seeks to design an alternative method of transformer protection with a digitally displayed, Arduino based system that will intelligently monitor faults which may arise due to current imbalance of the transformer and prompts a safety measure to protect the transformer.
paper_251	In this paper we propose a concept of multi agent based batch scheduling and monitoring in cloud computing environment, where the number of agent are more than or equal to two with reducing the complexity of accessing and responding time. More comprehensive concept about cloud computing has been narrated and drafted by National Institute of Standard & Technology (NIST): According to NIST-"Cloud computing is a paradigm for facilitating expedient, on-demand network access to a shared cluster (pool/collection) of configurable computing power and resources (like applications, services, networks, servers, and storage,) that can be expeditiously provisioned and exemption with least management endeavor or without service provider interaction. To achieve this task cloud service provider required highly efficient scheduling approach and the proper monitoring of the services provisioned or will be provision to subscriber. Proposed agent based approach has provides the efficient and accurate solutions for efficient scheduling and monitoring in cloud computing. Hence agent based solution has been proposed to meet the requirement of the modern cloud computing with pace of dynamic provision to insure shrink in shrink out (elasticity) of the cloud service provider to achieve highest scalability and reliability in extent of the maximum availability of the service to the requisites. Integration of the agent in the propose system provides the cost effective and reliable with dynamic pace, solution for efficient scheduling (elasticity of the resource and services) and proposer monitoring of the cloud computing systems. For the proposed system an java web application using JSP (Java Server pages) application has been chosen to develop on to the codevnySaaS cloud service provider. Cloudbees -To deploy and test our SaaS application onto the cloud, propose system needs a platform i.e. For this Cloudbees service provider has been integrated onto the developed SaaS application. In this the java agent has been customized to meet the monitoring and scheduling of the SaaS services. Propose system has surveyed and identified the problem domain that must be addressed in context of the cloud computing and consequently present the idea of agent integration. Fault tolerance While author  [1]  and  [2]  proposed an agent based solution to solve the above listed QoS parameter that greatly affect the performance of cloud service especially SaaS. Our main research work is to enhance the agent based model for SaaS delivery in the cloud as depicted in the  [1]  and  [2] . Following goals has been achieved or solved with integrating of the Mobile Agent to Cloud Computing service realization 1. To Evaluate and delivered the cloud computing services (SaaS) using agent (for better and fast delivery) using public cloud such as "New Relic and cloud bees". Deploying a web services under SaaS paradigm and evaluate the effectiveness of the web application in the cloud environment with the help of agent. In which jsp based application has been develop and deployed on cloudbees PaaS. Cloud bees service integrating a SaaS deployment on it and delivering through agent. Measuring the performance of the proposed analytical approach (influenced from Aneka) in cloud services such as public Cloud bees. Provisions of service and resources in cloud PaaS is an important function that provides analytical statistics about the current view of cloud (running instance for a user or group of users). Model for Proposed Work Our proposed work is to schedule and monitor cloud SaaS application onto the cloud and evaluate the performance of the same using proposed agent based. Resources: Algorithm for Scheduling (influenced from Aneka) developed onto the Cloudbees Proposed Algorithm Step1: Register user login Step2: Sign in the user login Step3: Select multi monitoring agent in cloud environment (for each subc_request with QoS constraints) Step 4: Mapping of resources between cloud client, cloud agent and cloud service providers. Following public cloud service providers or tools (platform) and data set has been used for evaluating the effectiveness of the proposed monitoring and provision approach. For evaluating the performance of the proposed agent system, the obtained results have been compared with  [2]  in which author has proposed "MABOCCF" the realization of the federation of different cloud (cloud interoperability) using agent. Scalability Author has compared the outcome of their experiment with Non -MABOCCF (NMABOCCF) technique. Proposed multi agent based solution has influenced from [2] but it's not the realization of cloud federation rather it has to evaluate the scheduling and monitoring of the SaaS (task) application in public cloud's (cloud federation not interoperability). This paper proposed and developed an agent based enhanced method for better scheduling (for resource like CPU, memory etc. for their granting/releasing) and their exact monitoring in the cloud in context of public cloud computing service provider such as Cloudbees. Proposed agent based solution for guaranteed better elasticity and their efficient monitoring of the resources in the cloud which helps to gather analytical statistics of the resources currently held and will be used such a memory, number of instances and CPU. For evaluation of the propose agent based method data set (jsp) has been developed using jsp web pages and deployed onto the cloud evaluating the elasticity and its monitoring. The developed java web application (SaaS) has been developed with the help of codenvy SaaS developed platform. To deploying created SaaS application in the cloud a PaaS service has been required to be subscribed, for this cloudbees PaaS service has been chosen. Then for monitoring and scheduling with software agent New Relic service has been used to customized the agent functionality to meet the propose systems requirement.
paper_272	Moreover the switching process associated with power electronics offers many modern benefits as a static switching system when joints together by using a snubber circuits for damping chopping current and transient over voltages or other facilities  [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15] [16] . This paper focuses on the understanding of both characteristics and load specification relative to vacuum circuit breaker to generate precisely parameters  [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] . Circuit switching system -electroplates including some devices utilizing vacuum interrupters have been viewed as eliminating both of switching surge, arcing currents and high frequency rates for any interval times (microseconds' Process). In addition the inside electroplates some characteristics can be described as followings: Non-sustained disruptive discharge voltages In general, the above characteristics are not involving associated with only vacuum switchgear itself a lone, but when connects the switchgear with power distribution transforms or synchronous motors, there are also many negative interactive processes for instance hysteresis currents, eddy currents and high voltage capacitive inside each transformer (Parasites electrostatics charged) feedback to the interrupter process. Since the vacuum arc is the key element in the vacuum interrupter, some knowledge of its structure and behavior is essential for understanding the operation of vacuum switching process. According to the Harris model and classification who was classified "the positive ions initiated from ionization process in an Anode plate and generates joule heating to a cathode plate surface during switching process"; i. Ionization zone ii. Current chopping refers to the prospective over voltage events which can result with certain types of inductive load (power transformer) due to the premature suppression of the power frequency current before normal current zero in the vacuum interrupter. If the high frequency accompanying re-ignitions and voltage escalation in one phase couple into other two phases, the process of virtual current chopping can occur  [6] . Virtual current chopping involves the load current in the other two phases being forced to zero by superimposed highfrequency re ignition coupled current. Restrike overvoltage due to the multiple re-ignition of circuit breaker when a switching interrupter process is initiated before current zero. EMTP which is called electromagnetic transient program or others such as SIMULINK/MATLAB are excellent numerical tools that allow for depth studies of switching transients in industrial as well as utility power systems. Since the high frequency characteristics of the power system equipment are depend on stray capacitances that mentioned above and inductances also and they in turn depend on physical dimensions, equipment layout, materials, cable lengths, all these can be represented as follows  [17] ; The figure represents TRV & Re-ignitions computed in the system when switching off power transformer load that the transient voltage approximately (350µs-450 µs) and shows very high frequency sub transients both going in the negative direction of the voltage -Left side. Normally our analysis for the switching process basically on parallel RLC circuit as following; L= Indicative load of stator winding coils C= parallel parasite `s capacitors -see the introduction R= evaluating resistance that can be damping oscillating. By calculating the inductor current in parallel RLC circuit under conditions of a subsidence transient, but have a far wider application. However to gain familiarity with these curves, consider a specific example where the inductor current is required in a circuit in which the components have the following values: R=10 5 Ω. L =5 Henrys, C = 2X10 -8 F. These values are typical of unloaded transformer, where R represents the equivalent loss resistance. The curve labelled η=2 in  figure 5  gives the shape of the current we are looking for. The electrostatic charges -static charged -parasitism are almost depleted in the a mount current begin to decrease in the same time of first peak value which generates chopping currents, moreover the formula of the transition processing rate of du/dt or di/dt have to be considered. The other processing steps as followings: a) Chopping current b) Restrikes voltages c) Prestrikes voltages d) Multi reignitions e) Voltage escalation f) Post-arc currents g) NSDD (non-sustained disruptive discharges) It is often misunderstood how all these phenomena are created and what are their real causes. In brief, the majority of transients associated with vacuum interrupter are not just results of the switching device a lone but the interaction between the device and other components of the power system. In other words, the same vacuum interrupter can cause severe interaction with other power equipment and the problem has to be treated as a whole.
paper_294	The cultural heritage of any people can be redressed through the preserved cultural values tangibly stored and preserved in media and forms retrievable and usable. Cassava has played an important role as a staple crop in the feeding of the Tiv people. Cassava is the principal source of dietetic food energy for a significant portions of world populace particularly those living in the lowland tropics, and much of the sub-humid tropics. Incidentally, cassava is the sixth most important crop after wheat, rice, maize, potato and barley and is the primary staple for more than 800 million people in the world and it plays a crucial food security role to the populace due to the fact that its matured edible roots can be left in the ground for up to 36 months. Moreover fresh cassava has a very short postharvest storage lifespan and as such, the Tiv people developed different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after harvest, as well as organizing their local markets where the cassava products would be sold. This study therefore, looks at the impact of the public library through the storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv Management Strategies of Postharvest losses of Cassava for the Development of Agriculture in Benue State of Nigeria. The snowball sampling technique was used in selecting the subjects for the study. The study found that the Tiv people had various strategies they adopted in managing postharvest losses of cassava. It was therefore, recommended that concerned policy makers should make policies that will allow public libraries to acquire store and preserve audiovisual materials on various indigenous knowledge for development to ensue; and for posterity; and that governments and other stakeholders should ensure that the public library sector is adequately funded and manpower is adequately provided as well. The cultural heritage of any people can be redressed through the preserved cultural values tangibly stored and preserved in media and forms retrievable and usable. The photographs people take, videos they shoot, speeches and music they record, capture in bits, every moment of their life, culture, event and times that inevitably speak volumes of their history. Abrigo and Abrigo (2010)  assert that, these media are jealously guarded and relayed, shown and played back for the younger generations. Cassava has played an important role as a staple crop in the feeding of the Tiv people. The Tiv had different management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava (Akom or Alogo) that includes dried cassava chips (kpor), imyorun or imorun (gari) processing, fermented cassava (akpu) and production of base (mtuhem) among others, which were potent managing postharvest losses of cassava. Cassava is the principal source of dietetic food energy for a significant portions of world populace particularly those living in the lowland tropics, and much of the sub-humid tropics. Incidentally, cassava is the sixth most important crop after wheat, rice, maize, potato and barley and is the primary staple for more than 800 million people in the world and it plays a crucial food security role to the populace due to the fact that its matured edible roots can be left in the ground for up to 36 months. Moreover fresh cassava has a very short postharvest storage lifespan and as such, the Tiv people developed different ways of processing it into durable forms soon after harvest, as well as organizing their local markets where the cassava products would be sold. Apparently, if this is allowed to continue, the consequences cannot be foretold in the near future. The study intends to investigate the impact of the public library through the storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv Management Strategies of Postharvest losses of Cassava for the Development of Agriculture in Benue State of Nigeria. Specifically, the study sought to: 1. Identify Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava 2. Determined whether public library has impacted on Tiv management strategies of postharvest losses of cassava. What are the Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? In what ways does the public library impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? What are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? Public library is a library that is established and managed with public funds. Public libraries are established wholly or partly from public funds. Public libraries anywhere they are established, is for the purpose of development. Their collection forms the body (theory) of knowledge from which the young members of the society are taught from. This is their most crucial function of all. This is in line with Agber and Mngutyô (2013); Agber, Ugbagir, Mngutyo and Amaakaven (2014) who reiterated that for developing countries such as Nigeria, audio and audio-visual media are appropriate information formats for capturing information for the people. Cassava plays an essential food security role because its matured edible roots can be left in the ground for up to 36 months. Food losses may be direct or indirect. The snowball sampling was adopted in selecting the subjects. The researchers did this until they arrive at the sample size of 680. Section A of the questionnaire contained respondents' bio-data, which included sex and occupation. Data were analyzed using mean and standard deviations. The collected data were analyzed using mean and standard deviation. What are the Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? This means that peeling the cassava, slicing it and sun drying known as Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), peeling the cassava, slicing, sun drying it and grinding into flour known as Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it and frying known as Gari Akom, slicing the cassava, sun drying and burning it into ashes known as Mtuhem (Base), peeling the cassava, fermenting, sieving and squeezing it into lumps known as Akpu, peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing (demoisturizing) it, mixing with salt and other ingredients and frying with palm or groundnuts oil known as Kweesi or Akweesa Akom and peeling the cassava, grating, squeezing and sieving the starch and preparing it for food as Kamu Akom are the management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. In what ways does the public library impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? Table 2  shows the mean rating scores of all the items are below 2.50, which implies that the public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava through acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom (peeled, grated, squeezed and fried cassava), Mtuhem ma Akom (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom (Cassava Cake) and Kamu Akom (edible cassava starch). What are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava? This implies that lack of adequate funding to facilitate acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on various aspects of indigenous knowledge, inadequate technical knowledge and skills of staffs, lack of adequate staffs, lack of Policy Statement on the acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv indigenous knowledge such as management of postharvest losses of cassava, and lack of initiative on the part of library management to make attempts to acquire and store audiovisual materials on various forms of indigenous knowledge are the challenges faced by public libraries on storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. Based on the results in  Table 1 , the findings from the study revealed that processing cassava into Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom, Mtuhem (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom and Kamu Akom are the Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava. Table 2 , findings of the study revealed that the public library does not impact on Tiv management strategies for postharvest losses of cassava through acquisition and storage of audiovisual materials on Kpor Akom (Cassava Chips), Mwem ma Kpor (Cassava Flour), Gari Akom (peeled, grated, squeezed and fried cassava), Mtuhem ma Akom (Base), Akpu, Kweesi or Akweesa Akom (Cassava Cake) and Kamu Akom (edible cassava starch). The research discovered that the Tiv people had various strategies they adopted in managing postharvest losses of cassava. Therefore, it was recommended that concerned policy makers should make policies that will allow public libraries to acquire store and preserve audiovisual materials on various indigenous knowledge for development to ensue; and for posterity. The study was carried out to investigate the impact of the public library through the storage of audiovisual materials on Tiv Management Strategies of Postharvest losses of Cassava for the Development of Agriculture in Benue State of Nigeria.
paper_298	Survey research design was used, registered users of the University Library between 2016-2019 numbering 920 formed the population of the study where a sample of 272 (30% sample) was used based on 95% confidence level and 5% confidence interval of Sample Size Calculator. The instrument used for data collection was questionnaire. Data generated was analyzed using simple percentage and descriptive statistics. The findings of the study revealed that majority of the respondents were aware of library catalogue existence; they were more informed about card catalogue usage than OPAC for retrieving information resources. Majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. Poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. The study recommended that the library management should organize a periodic user education, orientation and sensitization programmes for the undergraduate users to create awareness and enable them gain the needed skills to use the library catalogue maximally when searching for information resources. Guidelines on how to use catalogue and library in general should be prepared and issued to registered users. Regular shelf reading should be done so as to establish right contact between library users and library materials. The university library goals and objectives are to provide adequate and relevant information resources both in print and online for university community to support teaching, learning and research (these for undergraduates students may refer to class work, assignments, research/project work, term papers, seminar presentation by providing relevant information and services provision for effective and efficient achievement of academic pursuit). Like the card catalogues, sheaf catalogues, books, machine readable catalogues (MARCs) and online public access catalogues (OPACs). Following advancement in ICT and subsequent development of Online Public Access Catalogue (OPAC), the traditional concept of access to library resources which many scholars identified to be prone to numerous challenges has changed. The library OPAC as an automated catalogue system was developed as a tool to locate those information resources that had been acquired, organized and preserved by the library itself. In this environment, the user is both the primary searcher of the system and the user of the information resources  [2] . Online public access catalogue (OPAC) is the most modern form of library catalogue, whereby bibliographic records of all the documents collection are stored in the computer memory or server. The study suggests that the users should be made familiar with the use and operation of the OPAC by providing special training  [6] . Kumar revealed that 26.99% respondents use the OPAC fortnightly and 22.84% weekly. The author attributed the reason for the poor usage to lack of user education programme  [9] . In essence, students use the catalogue to enable them conduct research in the library. To find out methods employ by students to consult library catalogue to search for information resources. The study is designed to answer the following research questions: a The survey research method was adopted for the study, and questionnaire was the instruments use for collecting data. The completed and returned questionnaires were analyzed using descriptive statistics, percentage and frequency distribution. This section presents questionnaire collected on the basis of gender of the research respondents. The gender breakdown is presented on  Table 1 . The question on the demographic information of the respondents was on gender presented in  Table 1 . It shows that majority of the respondents 188 (69%) were male, followed by females 84 (31%). This shows that majority of library users in the Federal University of Kashere Library were male. The awareness of respondents would depend on the way the library informs their users about the use and functions of library catalogue revealing the available resources and its location in the library. Their responses were presented in the  Table 4  below. Never  Total  F  %  F  %  F  %  100  20  40  28  56  2  4  50  200  14  32  20  45  10  23  44  300  24  44  20  37  10  19  54  400  42  75  12  21  2  4  56  500  58  100  0  0  0  0  58  Total  158  60  80  31  24  9  262  Key: F=Frequency, %= Percentage. This shows that these few users preferred browsing the shelves to search for information resources. This finding is contrary to that of Oghenekaro whose study found low usage of the library catalogue attributed the low frequency of use to lack of user education programmes  [1] . Total  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  F  %  100  10  20  0  0  6  12  28  56  6  12  0  0  50  200  10  23  6  14  10  23  16  36  2  5  0  0  44  300  10  19  6  11  14  26  12  22  6  11  6  11  54  400  14  25  0  0  36  64  6  11  0  0  0  0  56  500  2  3  0  0  54  93  2  3  0  0  0  0  58  Total  46  18  12  5  120  46  64  24  14  5  6  2  262  The finding indicated poor use of OPAC 12 (5%) at the university library. It could be concluded that majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. The results are presented in  Table 8 . Table 8  focused on the challenges associated with catalogue use for information retrieval. Higher number of the respondents indicated poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC 96 (37%) and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available 58 (22%) were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. This indicates that good of the respondents had difficulties using the library catalogue because the respondents lack sound ICT skills that could enable them use the OPAC. The study revealed that majority of the university library users were male. Therefore, proper orientation and awareness campaign should be done to address this ugly situation. It could be concluded that majority of the respondents used the library for research work rather than for leisure and recreational purposes. Another source of frustration was reasonable number of the respondents indicated poor computer skills hindering navigation when searching OPAC and inability to locate materials on the shelves, indicated in the catalogue as being available were the challenges affecting the use of catalogue as an information retrieval tools. c. Guidelines on how to use catalogue and library in general should be prepared and issued to registered users. d. Regular shelf reading should be done so as to establish right contact between library users and library materials and avoid misplacement or wrong shelving of information resources.
paper_305	This is primarily due to difficulties in uncovering uncertainties in information provided by credit applicants and also due to lack of reliable automated techniques that would improve the efficiency of manual underwriting procedures. The implementation was based on the java netbeans development platform to create an interface that was used to train a model and its subsequent use in predicting credit decisions. The results obtained proved that such a mechanism can be applied to augment manual credit appraising processes, especially where large volumes of applications are to be processed within limited timeframes. Therefore the screening of the customer's financial history as well as the ability to remain faithful to new financial obligations is a very significant factor before any credit decision is taken and it is a major step in reducing credit risk. We begin by highlighting the relevant base literature upon which the experiment was setup and the subsequent experimental setup and finally the results obtained with corresponding analysis and conclusion. Generally, bank loan officers rely on traditional methods to guide them in evaluating the worthiness of loan applications. Furthermore, a loan officer's credit decision or recommendation for loan worthiness is subjective. After some experience, these officers develop their own experiential knowledge or intuition to judge the worthiness of a loan decision. Further, the complexity of loan decision tools and variation between applications is an opportunity for the use of a machine learning tool to provide learning capability that does not exist in other technologies. Ensemble meta modeling techniques, are empirically some of the best machines learning tools applicable to financial risk analysis. The purpose of this study was to develop a loan decision system using the logistic regression Meta modeling algorithm -Logitboost around Java based open source software for the Kenya commercial banks. The general objectives of this study were to: 1) Implement the meta learning algorithm -LogitBoost to develop as system for evaluating credit applications to support loan decisions in Kenyan financial institutions 2) Outline some of the challenges of using the learning algorithm in the decision-making process for the banking industry in Kenya 3) Champion the applicability of Java as an open source software in business intelligence applications From time immemorial in the banking sector, banks have relied on the personal assessment of loan risks or on the traditional statistical methods to predict the default of loans instead of using a standardized evaluation tool. The implementation of such models would considerably improve the quality of decision making and the efficiency of credit analysis processes. Further, the study considered a binary output from the classifier, hence dependent variable can only take on accept or reject values with an emphasis on the banking industry in Kenya; though the results can easily be generalized to institutions elsewhere. Although the classifier takes this into account through voting -in which those values that meet certain thresholds are promoted to either of the classification values, most of such incidences are minimal and can be handled through judgmental procedures by re-examining those peculiar cases and applying policies as laid out. The study has left such analysis to oversight procedures especially where the confidence level of the classifier does not meet a certain threshold. This calls for the use of more efficient and effective loan screening tools and procedures. One of the earliest automated procedures uses statistical tools which have fallen short of the inherent challenge for today's commercial banks is their desire to understand large amounts of information and reveal useful knowledge to improve decision-making. Today, lenders are making increased use of new and innovative techniques -the key being data mining and machine learning to evaluate loan applications for business and financial prospects  [2, 3] . Further, ensemble learning algorithms -those that combine a number of base algorithms, through empirical reports typically lead to better results. Boosting works by sequentially applying a classification algorithm to reweighted versions of the training data and then taking a weighted majority vote of the sequence of classifiers thus produced  [4] [5] [6] . One such algorithm that effectively addresses these issues is the LogitBoost Meta classifier -based on the log of the odds ratio for the dependent variable  [7, 8] . Although the model was reported to perform relatively better than models developed using other approaches; as part of the limitations and recommendation, they suggested that such a model is usually a black box and more insight the model parameters was required to make it more effective. The solution to the problem was an adaptation of ensemble machine learning strategies where a 'weak' classifier, commonly referred to as a base classifier was boosted through a series of adjustments through weighting and re-sampling to develop a better learner which was an additive aggregate of individual learners. The reported technique derives from the intuitive understanding that instead of putting all the effort on finding highly accurate base classifiers, it becomes sufficient or even desirable to use a set of weaker hypotheses. Resulting classifier is a simple threshold on a single feature a) Outputs a +1 if the attribute is above a certain threshold b) Outputs a -1 if the attribute is below the threshold It can be proven (as discussed here-under), that under the assumption that all individual classifiers have the same prediction rate and that the distribution of the data correctly classified by each base classifier is independent and random, this is the best possible strategy. The implementation detailed lay in the use of a logistic regression that models the posterior class probabilities Pr (G = k|X = x) for the K classes. In our study, the variable k was bi-valued and took on either 'accept' or 'reject' values and K was set at 2. a) With K attributes , there are K different decision stumps to choose from b) At each stage of boosting i. given reweighted data from previous stage ii. Select the next partition as testing and use the rest as training data. v. Classify until each partition has been used as the test set. This strategy relies on two separate files, one for training and the other for testing. This strategy is similar to the use of two files as discussed earlier but relies on the learner to automatically partition a given data set into two given a split percentage Class =Accept: The number of correctly classified instances is 12 and that of instances classified as belong to the class is 13. This gives a precision value of 12/13=0.92 Class =Reject: The number of correctly classified instances is 7 and that of instances classified as belong to the class is 7. This gives a recall value of 12/12=1 Class =Reject: The number of correctly classified instances is 7 and the number of instances belonging to the class is 8. The ROC graph is a plot of two measures: Sensitivity: The probability of true classifications given true instances i.e. Three options were investigated for training the algorithm namely: a) The use of single file both for training and testing the model through stratified cross validation. This is a strategy where the training file was portioned into complementary data sets called the training set and the validation set. The model accuracy using this procedure was 86.86% making it a fairly reliable strategy b) The use of separate training and testing data sets returned an accuracy of 95% making it a relatively better strategy c) The use of a ratio to determine the size of the training and testing files from one data set returned an accuracy of 88.64% Therefore, it implies from these findings that the use of separate files for training and testing of the model returns the best model accuracy and hence should be adopted. Finally, as stated earlier in the introduction, it is not prudent to completely rely on an automated credit appraising as some cases might require subjective interpretation and personal judgment. As a conclusion, the reported work indeed confirmed that: 1) Machine learning procedures can be applied in financial modeling applications to augment manual underwriting techniques 2) These procedures can greatly improve the efficiency of such techniques because of their ability to handle large items of data generating very useful statistics 3) This work can be improved through the use of enhanced data set pre-processing procedures, the use of a cost matrix as well as parameter tuning to settle on the most effective set for various data mining requirements.
paper_310	We are now living in the 21 st century. This project describes how to control a robot using mobile through Bluetooth communication, some features about Bluetooth technology, components of the mobile and robot. We present a review of robots controlled by mobile phone via moving the robot upward, backward, left and right side by the android application such as Arduino, Bluetooth. Here we are using Bluetooth communication, interface microcontroller and android application. We are using Arduino software to interface the Bluetooth module with microcontroller. According to commands received from android the robot motion can be controlled. We derived simple solutions to provide a framework for building robots with very low cost but with high computation and sensing capabilities provided by the smart phone that is used as a control device. This paper represents android application based Bluetooth controlled robotic car. We interface the Bluetooth module with the system so that we can easily control the system by smart phone application. The project aims in designing a Robot that can be operated using Android mobile phone. The controlling of the Robot is done wirelessly through Android smart phone using the Bluetooth feature present in it. Here in the project the Android smart phone is used as a remote control for operating the Robot. Bluetooth module, DC motors are interfaced to the Microcontroller. The data received by the Bluetooth module from Android smart phone is fed as input to the controller. Our system aims to achieve the target to design a system that can provide following functionalities with a simple and easy-to-use interface: a) Develop an android application that will act as an remote of a robot. f) Hardware of this project consists of Arduino UNO, Bluetooth module and a motor driver IC. g) The Bluetooth module is connected with the Arduino UNO board for the connection with the user. h) Through the Bluetooth module for monitoring and controlling the particular motor reaches the board and process accordingly and the output of the Arduino goes to the motor driver IC and it controls the particular motor. The microcontroller is programmed with the help of the Embedded C programming. The Bluetooth module will act as an interface between Smartphone and microcontroller. We will be using HC-05 Bluetooth module for the system, which can be used as either receiver or transmitter. Generally our transmitter will be smart-phone and receiver will be Bluetooth module (  Figure  2 ). Bluetooth module will give the commands given by smart-phone to the microcontroller. It sends the data to microcontroller through Bluetooth module. The novelty lies in the simplicity of the design and functioning. In android application when we press a button, a corresponding signal is sent through the Bluetooth to Bluetooth module (HC-05) which is connected with the Arduino board. The working principle of the circuit has been elaborated with the help of a block diagram, of the system interconnection as shown in  Figure 6 . The DC power supple feeds the Microcontroller and the Bluetooth module. The Bluetooth module receives the signal sent from an android smart-phone, where the application software coded in C language is installed. The microcontroller, thereby, sends instructions, which when executed, helps in functioning of the motor driver. The Bluetooth module is connected with the Arduino UNO board for the connection with the user. Through the Bluetooth module for monitoring and controlling the particular motor reaches the board and process accordingly and the output of the Arduino goes to the motor driver IC and it controls the particular motor. When user sends any data to the Arduino board then the corresponding pin of Arduino goes to high state and switches the motor driver ic in the on mode. These commands help the microcontroller to interface with the Bluetooth module HC-05 and also with the motor driver IC L293D. Here the Bluetooth module act as a receiver which receives the instruction from the smart phone (remote or transmitter). When any input is given then the motors moves as per the preloaded functions in the microcontroller. The novelty lies in the fact that it is a cost-effective project with a simple and easy to use interface compared to existing ones.
paper_333	The diagnosis of diseases on the plant is a very important to provide large quantity and good qualitative agricultural products. There are several issues and diseases which try to decline the yield with quality. The aim of this study is to design a model for Enset diseases diagnosis using Image processing and Multiclass SVM techniques. The strategy of K-fold stratified cross validation was used to enhance generalization of the model. Food security is a challenge in many developing countries like Ethiopia. This is commonly known as false banana, the Ethiopian banana or the Abyssinian banana. Ethiopia is one of the grand producer of Enset in African continent countries. There are several issues and diseases which tries to decline the yield with quality. Particularly, diagnosis of potential diseases on Ethiopian banana is based on traditional ways and due to limited research attention given to Enset crop production. If the Enset crop diseases can be minimized then definitely the production will significantly be increased to contribute to the country's economy towards a new boost. The remaining part of this paper is organized as follows. In Section III, we present the architecture of proposed system. Experimental results are reported in Section IV. Section V presents the conclusion and discusses of future works. In this work, disease identification was done by using characteristics of Enset plant. The feature of normal and diseased Enset image features was extracted to train kernel support vector machine. Figure 2  shows the architecture of the proposed system A. Dataset Partitioning The images of the dataset are collected from different parts of southern Ethiopia. In order to measure the performance of the classifiers K-fold (in this case k is 10) cross validation method was used. The detail classification result is shown in  figure 4 .
paper_389	This paper systematically describes the definition, model structure, parameter estimation and corpus selection of the conditional random field model, and applies the conditional random field to the Chinese word segmentation and the Chinese word segmentation method. Experiments on the corpus show that the introduction of the word position probability feature has improved the accuracy, recall and the value of Fl. The so-called Chinese word segmentation, is the process of word segmentation as each Chinese character classification process, by marking each character in the sentence to segmentation. For example, Xue N divides Chinese characters into four categories according to their different positions in Chinese words, and then divides them into Chinese characters by using the maximum entropy model. Peng F establishes a Chinese character segmentation model based on CRF. Zhou J built a hybrid method of Chinese word segmentation around CRF model. Common Chinese character tagging method is based on the Chinese characters appear in the words of different locations marked different labels. For example, "O" can be used to represent individual Chinese characters, "B" means Chinese characters appear in the head, "I" means Chinese characters appear in the middle or the end of the word. So the word segmentation problem is transformed into a pure sequence data labeling problem, you can use a lot of sequence tag algorithm for word segmentation. Therefore, Chinese word segmentation method has become a frequently used method to study word segmentation. Figure 1  is an example of the use of Chinese characters marked word segmentation. According to the meaning of "O", "B" and "I", the rules are summarized as follows: 1, the sentence of the first Chinese character tag can not be I, the last character of the mark can not be B. Finally, according to the mark of each Chinese character, the mark result is "OOBIO", so the result is "这 / 是 / 武汉 /." As mentioned earlier, the CRF makes it easy to add any feature in the observed sequence to the model, so that not only the transfer and emission characteristics of the traditional HMM sequence model can be incorporated into the model, but also some other The feature information associated with the observation sequence or with the language itself is added to the model. The feature template in  Table 2  is a classification of Chinese characters, the template well dealing with numbers, letters and punctuation marks such as error-prone not logged in the above table, the  Table 1 feature  template is a basic feature template, Use word-based. In this paper, CRF automatic word segmentation experiments, the use of features include the following two: a single word characteristic: a position on the word characteristics. CRF word segmentation system is a word segmentation system based on conditional random field, and the Chinese word segmentation method is adopted. Then the training corpus is trained to generate a CRF model, and some training parameters such as iteration number are added in the training process. Using the CRF model generated by the training, the test corpus is tested and a prediction result is obtained. The performance of a word segmentation system mainly depends on two aspects: segmentation precision and word segmentation speed. The performance of Chinese automatic word segmentation is evaluated by the following three indexes: correct rate (P), recall rate (R) and F value. Where, P refers to the accuracy of word segmentation; R refers to the word recall rate; F value refers to the P and R integrated value. CRF The word segmentation system is a word segmentation system based on the conditional random field, and uses the feature template one, the feature template two and the feature template three. Moreover, since the word position probability feature is extracted completely from the training corpus, some of the participle criterion information of the corpus is extracted to a certain extent, so that when the test set is tested, Corpus. This chapter first briefly introduces the CRF tools, experiment corpus and standard of experimental evaluation in Chinese word segmentation experiments. As the Yangtze River Daily corpus is from the newspaper news, for the news corpus in the special format, such as title, poetry, weather forecasting, etc., to our model training has a certain impact, so if the corpus in the handling of these disturbances, Our model should have better performance.
paper_391	Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. Data mining is the process of discovering interesting patterns and knowledge from large amounts of data. The data for this study were the Tetanus Toxoid data set from the Ethiopian Demographic and Health Survey (EDHS) 2011, and analyzed using the Knowledge discovery process of Selection, Processing, Transforming, mining, and interpretation. In the cross-validation with 10 folds, correctly classified best are by naïve Bayesian 63.30% and the least accurate were by k-nearest neighbor 60.52%. The maximum confidence attained in the general association is 0.98. But, in the class attribute, it is 0.72. The literacy status of the mother has high information gain with the value 0.046. As a conclusion, the best algorithm based on the TT vaccination data is multilayer perceptron classifier with an accuracy of 67.28% and the total time taken to build the model is at 0.01 seconds. Multilayer perceptron classifier has the lowest average error at 32.72% compared to others. Tetanus toxoid (TT) vaccine is given to women of childbearing age to prevent neonatal tetanus and maternal mortality attributed to tetanus. And the major cause of early infant deaths in many developing countries is often due to failure to observe hygienic procedures during delivery. Infection is acquired through environmental exposure of any broken skin or dead tissue such as a wound or when the umbilical cord is cut to the spores of the bacteria. Globally tetanus is responsible for 5% of maternal deaths and 14% of neonatal deaths annually, accounting for up to 25% neonate's death in some African countries  [3] [4] [5] . As of December 2012, maternal and neonatal tetanus persist as a public health problem in 30 countries, mainly in Africa and Asia  [2] . However, until now maternal and neonatal tetanus persist as public health problems in 36 countries, mainly in Africa and Asia. Five doses of TT can ensure protection throughout the reproductive years and even longer. Data mining is the process of discovering interesting patterns and knowledge from large amounts of data. The health care industry is one of the world's largest and fastest growing industries having a huge amount of healthcare data. This problem caused the loss of time and effort in the healthcare system environment and spending lots of efforts and costs without having evidence-based information for planning and intervention. This process must have a model to control its execution steps. The  Figure 1 (Adapted from  [7] ) shows, the basic phases of the knowledge discovery from data, we have undergone. Preprocessing solves issues about noise, incomplete and inconsistent data. In the data mining phase, a procedure is run that executes the desired task and generates a set of patterns. However, not all of the patterns are useful. Only 80% of the overall data is used for training and the rest 20% was used for testing the accuracy of the classification of the selected classification methods. The classification methods used in this study is to classify data according to their classes putting the data in a single group that belongs to a common class. The approaches are; (a). And the topmost node in a tree is the root node. In this way, all the training tuples are stored in an m-dimensional pattern space. When given an unknown tuple, a k-nearest-neighbor classifier searches the pattern space for the k training tuples that are closest to the unknown tuple. These k training tuples are the k "nearest neighbors" of the unknown tuple  [7, 10] . It is made to simplify the computations involved and, in this sense, is considered "Naïve"  [7] . We will consider the case of where the class tuples are more or less evenly distributed, as well as the case where classes are unbalanced. Confusion matrix; is used in this study, include accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, and precision. To discover acceptable classes using Simple K-Means based on the principle of maximizing the similarity between objects in the same class i.e., intra-class similarity and minimizing the similarity between objects of different classes i.e., inter-class similarity  [7] . "How does the k-means ( ) algorithm work?" First, it randomly selects k of the objects in D, each of them initially represents a cluster mean or simply center. For each cluster, it computes the new center using the objects assigned to the cluster in the previous iteration. (Table 1)  As can be seen in  Figure 2 , the accuracy rate of the classifiers on training data is relatively high. Using evaluation with cross-validation (10 folds) correctly classified best are by naïve Bayesian 63.30% and the least accurate were by K-nearest neighbor 60.52%. Briefly described as follows: Cluster 0-This group have 1534 (27%) instances of which consist of mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Oromo in ethnic, literacy status unable to read mothers, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 15-24, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 1-This group consists of 1004 (18%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, access to TV yes, orthodox in religion, Oromo in ethnic, literacy status unable to read mothers, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 15-24, mother marital status married, head of household male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 2-This group consists of 2063 (37%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, no access to radio, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated No. Cluster 3-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, Protestant in religion, others in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education primary, women age 25-34, mother marital status married, hh_head male, tt-vaccinated yes. Cluster 4-This group consists of 633 (11%) instances of which mothers who live in the rural, access to radio yes, no access to TV, orthodox in religion, Amhara in ethnic, mother's literacy status unable to read, mothers think the distance from a health facility is a big problem, husband's education no education, women age 35-49, mother marital status married, hh_head Female, tt-vaccinated yes. As explained in the    The literacy status of the mother has high information gain (0.046) and followed by the literacy status of the mother (0.041) and the least information gained was head of household (0.00000147). As a conclusion, the best algorithm based on the TT vaccination data is multilayer perceptron classifier with an accuracy of 67.28% and the total time taken to build the model is at 0.01 seconds. Multilayer perceptron classifier has the lowest average error at 32.72% compared to others.
paper_402	The BPNN and SFS were used interchangeably to identify the relevant features that contributed with the response variable. As a result, the BPNN with the selected features was able to interpret more accurate results (r 2 = 0.991) than the model with all the features (r 2 = 0.816). The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete. The steps that were are followed in developing a robust and accurate numerical model using SFS include (1) design and validation of ANN model by manipulating the number of neurons and hidden layers; (2) execution of SFS using ANN as a wrapper; and (3) analysis of selected features using both ANN and nonlinear regression. The need for soft computing tools and models for the prediction of behavioural properties of engineering components, systems and materials is continuously rising. ANN emerged as one of soft computing paradigms that have been successfully applied in several engineering fields  [1] . The utilization of ANN modelling made its way into the prediction of fresh and hardened properties of concrete based on given experimental input parameters, whereby several authors developed AI models to predict the compressive strength of normal weight, light weight and recycled concrete  [14] [15] [16] [17] . This will reduce the amount of parameters in the model, which will improve the computation complexity of the ANN model and simplify the derivation strategies of a mathematical model used to predict the compressive strength of UHPC. There are several machine learning techniques, in the literature, that assist researchers in identifying the underlying covariates impacting the prediction model. Four sets of open human motion data and two types of machine learning algorithms were used. Moreover, Rodriguez-Galiano et al. [30]  used SFS when tackling ground water quality problems, where 20 datasets of parameters were extracted from a GIS database. Four types of machine learning algorithms were used as wrappers for the SFS. The steps that were are followed in developing a robust and accurate numerical model using SFS include (1) design and validation of ANN model by manipulating the number of neurons and hidden layers; (2) execution of SFS using ANN as a wrapper; and (3) analysis of selected features using both ANN and nonlinear regression. The input neurons are responsible for containing the independent parameter presented by the user, the wires represent the randomly generated matrices called weights that manipulate the function's slope or steepness, the hidden neurons map the weights variables using an activation function, and the bias units control the output function's shift, either upward or downward. There are two types of search algorithms: sequential forward selection and sequential backward selection. Figure 2  shows the plot of all the scenarios with the minimum point circled at 11 neurons. Therefore, 11 neurons is, approximately, the number of neurons that is sufficient enough for BPNN to facilitate an accurate ANN model for the collected dataset. The SFS algorithm was run 200 times to capture all possible combinations of independent features when using ANN. Table 2  tabulates the percentage of features that were used during the 200 trials. Based on the results of these trials, the most abundant combination during the SFS analysis, within a 20% threshold, was selected as the important parameters that contribute mostly in the model. In this study, four variables (Cement, Sillica Fume, Flyash, and Water) were selected as the most relevant features for the prediction model. The selected features, using SFS, were analyzed by the previous BPNN model. It was observed that the r 2 and NMSE before and after selection yielded 81.6% and 99.1%, respectively, and 0.0594 and 0.026, respectively. As a result, the ANN model with the relevant features was capable of predicting 89.6% of its values within the aforementioned boundaries, as opposed to the ANN model with all the features which predicted 58.7% of its values within the boundaries. Table 4  shows the coefficient values, with their corresponding symbols, for each UHPC constituent with the statistical measurements of the LSR model. It can be concluded from this study that: 1) The use of ANN with SFS reduced the number of input parameters needed to accurately predict the compressive strength of UHPC mix for the prediction of compressive strength, making it less computationally expensive. 2) The use of ANN with selected input parameters improved the accuracy of prediction of compressive strength of UHPC and reduced the computational effort. The correlation coefficient (r 2 ) before and after the use of SFS improved from 81.6% to 99.1% while the NMSE improved from 0.0594 to 0.026, respectively. 3) The ANN model with the selected relevant input parameters also showed a lower deviation (89.6 %) than the ANN model with all the features (58.7%).
paper_418	This paper examined the challenges in choosing between additive and mixed models in time series decomposition. Table 1 shows that the column variances of Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model but depends on slope and seasonal effects for mixed model. Results show that seasonal variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model and a function of slope and seasonal effects for mixed model. Also, when there is no trend (b=0), the estimates of row, column and overall means are the same for the two models while the estimates of seasonal indices are not the same for both additive and mixed models. The decomposition models are Additive model: formula_0 Multiplicative model: formula_1 Mixed model: formula_2 where t M is the trend-cycle component, t S is the seasonal component and t e is the error. On the other hand, the appropriate model is multiplicative when the seasonal standard deviations show appreciable increase/decrease relative to any increase /decrease in the seasonal means. The emphasis is to compare the row, column and overall means and variances of the Buys-Ballot table for additive and mixed model when trend-cycle component of time series is linear. Iwueze and Akpanta  [6]  pointed out that an additive model is appropriate when the seasonal standard deviations show no appreciable increase or decrease relative to any increase or decrease in the seasonal means while a multiplicative model is usually appropriate when the seasonal standard deviations show appreciable increase/decrease relative to any increase or decrease in the seasonal means. Linde  [7]  observed that, the differences between the Additive and Multiplicative and the models are (i) for the additive model, the seasonal variation is independent of the absolute level of the time series, but it takes approximately the same magnitude each year while in the multiplicative model, the seasonal variation takes the same relative magnitude each year. The amplitude of the seasonal factor varies with the level of the time series; also for additive model, the seasonal component is the same (roughly constant) in the same period over different years. Iwueze and Nwogu  [10]  observed that when the trend-cycle component is linear, the column variances of the Buys-Ballot table are constant for the additive model, but contain the seasonal component for the multiplicative model. They pointed out that any of the tests for constant variance can be used to identify a series that admits the additive model. For additive and mixed models, 1 (a) The row means mimic the shape of the trending parameters and do not contain the seasonal effect for the additive model. 2 (a) The column means mimic the shape of the trending parameters and contain seasonal indices for additive model. (b) For mixed model, the column means mimic the shape of the trending curves of the original series and contain the seasonal indices. The row and overall variances contain both trending parameters and seasonal indices for additive and mixed models. The column variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model, but a function of slope and seasonal indices for the mixed model. These properties of row, column and overall averages and variances of the Buys-Ballot table are what could be used for estimation and assessment of trend parameters, estimation and assessment of seasonal indices and choice of the appropriate for time series decomposition. (b=0), the estimates of row, column and overall means are the same for the two models while the estimates of seasonal indices are not the same for both additive and mixed models. The expressing of a linear trend and seasonal indices for an additive model is given as This paper has discussed the Buys-Ballot procedure for comparing the row, column and overall means and variances of the Buys-Ballot table for additive and mixed models in time series decomposition when trend-cycle component is linear. Results show that seasonal variances of the Buys-Ballot table is constant for additive model and a function of slope and seasonal effects for mixed model. Also, when there is no trend ( ) 0 b = , the estimates of row, column and overall means are the same for the two models while the estimates of seasonal indices are not the same for both additive and mixed models.
paper_428	The present article examines the influence of thermal radiation on two-dimensional incompressible magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) mixed convective heat transfer flow of Williamson fluid flowing past a porous wedge. An adequate similarity transformation is adopted to reduce the fundamental boundary layer partial differential equations of Williamson fluid model in to a set of non-linear ordinary differential equations. In Non-Newtonian fluids, the most frequently encountered fluids are pseudoplastic fluids, and Navier-stokes equations alone are insufficient to describe the rheological properties of these fluids, therefore, to overcome this defect, several rheological model like Ellis model, Power law model, Carreaus model and Cross model are presented, but little attention has been compensated to the Williamson fluid model and estimated to explain the rheological properties of pseudoplastic fluids. Williamson analyzed the flow of pseudoplastic materials and presented model to described the behavior of pseudoplastic material and explain convenient importance of plastic flows, and also recognized that viscous flows are very varied from plastic flows  [1] . studied the peristaltic motion of non-Newtonian fluid through asymmetric channels along porous wall by means of various phase and amplitude, and also studied the manipulation of different wave structures on the fluid flow model  [8] . By considering the approximation of long wave length and small Reynolds number the peristaltic pumping of Williamson fluid in a planar channel was investigated by Vasudev et al. Jabar addressed the influence of viscous dissipation and joule heating on MHD flow through a stratified sheet subjected to power Law Heat Flux having heat source  [22] . studied both forced and natural convection boundary layer transport by perpendicular surface in a stratified medium along connective boundary conditions  [34] . Bau investigated the thermal convection in a saturated stratified medium bounded between two parallel eccentric cylinders with the help of a regular perturbation expansion along Daarcy-Rayleigh number; it was observed that the appropriate preference of eccentricity values can maximize the heat transfer inside annulus of various thermal insulators  [37] . Ferdows & Liu obtained the similarity solutions of mixed convection heat convey in parallel surface with internal heat production  [44] . Malleswaran & Sivasankaran carried an analysis for mixed convection flow and noticed that the average heat transfer decreases with an increase in Richardson number but in general heat transfer is better at force convection mode than free convection mode  [45] . studied boundary layer flow of fluid in a porous wedge subject to Newtonian heating along heat generation or absorption  [69] . The nondimensional form of the given system of partial differential equations is obtained by introducing the following stream function and the similarity variables  [76] . E 0 = E 6 , E′ 0 = 0, F 0 = 1 (9) E′ ∞ = 1, F ∞ = 0 Where E 6 is injection/suction parameter. The system of ordinary differential equations 7 and 8 subject to the boundary conditions 9 and 10 is first reduced to a system of first order ordinary differential equations using the substitutions E K =`, $ K = a, F K = b. This With the boundary conditions E 0 E 6 , $ 0 0, F 0 1, $ ∞ 1, F ∞ 0 (13) The resulting system in Eq. The transformed governing equations  (11) (12)  subjected to boundary conditions  (13)  are solved numerically by employing the fifth order Runge-Kutta-Fehlberg method. Figures (1-2)  illustrate the influence of wedge angle parameter < with on velocity and temperature profile. Figure 3  displays the velocity profile for various values of the magnetic parameter M, the ratio of electromagnetic force to the viscous force that quantifies the intensity of applied magnetic field. This eminent phenomenon is known as Lorentz force that squeezes the momentum boundary layer. Figure 6  drafts the non-dimensional velocity E′ for different values of suction parameter E 6 . Figures 7-8  illustrate the behavior of thermal radiation and Prandtl number on fluid flow region with M= E 6 = O = < =1. Because the prandtl number is the relation of momentum diffusivity to thermal diffusivity, when it increases then it decreases the thermal boundary layer thickness and temperature but increases thermal capacity of fluid. Generally prandtl number is applicable in heat transform problem in order to decrease the thickness of the boundary layer and momentum.
paper_432	This paper aims to study the Cotangent Bundles Hamiltonian Tubes theorem and its applications in reduction theory. And found some results; The theory of reduction of cotangent bundles developed playing an important role in solution of the general problem for reduction a single or bit type cotangent bundles for base manifolds, possibility study of Hamiltonian tubes when the simplistic manifolds is a cotangent bundles, in the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models. The Cotangent Bundles * of manifold d provides the basic model of a symplectic manifold. The total space of a cotangent bundles naturally has the structure of a symplectic manifold. Let be dimensional differentiable manifold of class ∞ and * the cotangent bundles over . Then the Cotangent Bundle has a dual space * . We can introduce the Legendre transformation we need some basic facts about the structure of the cotangent bundles * of a nd dimensional differentiable manifold . 1, for any 0 ∈ , the tangent space at 0, denoted , is the space of linear derivations on 1 2, , that vanish on 3 2, , . Thus,T 5 M can be identified with (1 2, , /3 2, , )* the space formula_0 , is called the cotangent space at 0; it is isomorphic to the dual * , of M . The Cotangent Space T 5 * (M) of a manifold at 0 ∈ is defined as the dual vector space to the tangent spaceT 5 M. A dual vector space is defined as follow ∶ given an − dimensional vector space G, with basis H , I=1, 2, 3,…, , the basis J = of the dual space G * is determined by the inner product. The Cotangent Bundle Τ * contains the following classes of Lagrangian submanifolds; The fibers of Τ * . Let ∈ and let I; T { * Q → Τ * be the natural inclusion mapping. Let (H, |,`, 0) be a locally trivial fiber space whose total space and base space are path -connected and & a pathconnected topological space. For the mapping.∅: & → | to have a lift ‹ satisfying the condition ( ‚ ) =J ‚ , where ‚ ∈ &,J ‚ ∈ H, 0 (J ‚ ) =d 0 =( ‚ ), it is necessary that∅ (π n (&, ‚ )) ⊆0 (a n (H,J ‚ )) (3. It is a smooth manifold; in fact × °→ / is the fiber bundles associated with the principal bundles → / via the H on S. The left multiplication commutes with the twist and descends to a smooth on G × °, namely n`. A tube for the action at ± is a −equivariant diffeomorphism from some twisted product × ° to onopen neighborhood of ±in , that maps [J, 0] H to ±. In this part we study the symplectic geometry of cotangent -lifted action induced by a smooth proper action of a Lie group on a smooth manifold. The first work studying symplectic normal forms in the specific case of cotangent bundles. The symplectic reduction of the cotangent bundles * Q has more structure than a symplectic manifold. In this we recall the results that characterize the reduced space as a subset of a certain cotangent bundles. Let act freely and properly by cotangent lifts on * Q, and let Jbe the momentum map of the G action (with respect to the canonical symplectic form on * Q. Leta ³ : → / is projection. The first result of the theory in cotangent bundles reduction, the theory developed for the problem with a single or bit type playing an important role in the solution to the general problem of a singular cotangent bundles reduction for base manifolds, Hamiltonian tubes when the symplectic manifolds is a cotangent bundles, in the concrete case of cotangent bundles there is a strong motivation coming from geometric mechanics and geometric quantization that makes it desirable to obtain explicit fiber local models and the first work studying symplectic normal forms in the specific case of cotangent bundles. Conclude that the theory of reduction of cotangent bundles developed playing an important role in solution of the general problem for reduction a single or bit type cotangent bundles for base manifolds and found that the phase space is the cotangent bundle T * Q of a configuration space .
paper_444	Resource constrained project scheduling problem is to make a schedule for minimizing of the completion time or total cost subject to precedence rules and resource constraints. Traditional resource constrained project scheduling problem research takes into account achieve management goal in certain environment. In this paper, for better described the uncertain resource constrained project scheduling problem, we firstly consider the uncertain resource availability project scheduling problem based on uncertainty theory. To meet the manger goals, it is assumed that the increased quantities of resource are uncertain variables and the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. The goals of the model are to minimize the completion time and the total cost which composed by the activity cost and the additional resource cost. One of the constraints is the finish-start precedence relationship among the project activities. The resource constrained project scheduling problem (RCPSP) takes into account the balance of makespan and total cost through resource allocation and reasonable activity schedules while the precedence constrains between the activities and resource constrains are all satisfied. In this case, many scholars begin to consider the uncertain resource constrained project scheduling problem. Ying  [8]  proposed a schedule model of flexible work-hour constraint, in which the human resource was dealt with a new constraint to the classical RCPSP and the increased quantities of human resource were real-value variables. Xie  [9]  supposed that the increased quantities of resource were real-value variables, and built a multi-mode resource constrained project scheduling model for minimizing both the project makespan and cost. Its goal was minimizing the expected weighted sum of the absolute deviations between the planned and the actually realized activity starting times. Its constrains were the resource and priority rules. Liu  [13]  firstly established an uncertain project scheduling model, aiming to minimize the total cost under the constraint that the completion time does not exceed the deadline. Ma  [15]  considered resource constrained project scheduling problem with uncertain durations, and an uncertain excepted value model was built with the objective was to minimize the completion time. In this paper, we consider uncertain resource availability project scheduling problem based on uncertainty theory, in which the increased quantities of resource are uncertain variables, and the finish time of each activity is a decision variable. Then, we build a multi-objective model which is under resource and precedence rule constrained to minimize the resource cost and the project completion time. In order to solve the problem of time-cost trade-off in project scheduling, we consider a project which is described as an activity-on-the-node network ( , ) , where = {1, 2, ⋯ , } is the set of activities and is the set of pairs of activities with precedence relations. A multi-objective programming model is built under the resource restricts and precedence rules of activities constrains in order to balance the completion time and the total cost of the project. The uncertain resource constrained time-cost trade-off problem can be described as following optimization model: formula_0 In the above model, objective ○ 1 is to minimize the project total completion time; Objective ○ 2 is to minimize the expected project total cost which consists of the activity cost and the additional resource cost. Constraint ○ 5 illustrates the total cost of project has two pasts. The one is original resources cost determined by resource employ. [16]  Let G be an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution H. If the excepted value exists, then +IGJ = K Φ MA (<) A = <. If the function Q(R A , R P , ⋯ , R ) ) is strictly increase with respect to R A , R P , ⋯ , R S and strictly decreaseing with respect to R STA , R STP , ⋯ , R ) , then formula_2 holds if and only if formula_3 To solve the model (1), according to the operational law of uncertain variables, we transformed it into its equivalent form, as shown below. formula_4 Proof: Because is an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution Φ , and formula_5 by the definition of uncertain variable  [16] , we know that ? The duration time, cost and resource requirement of activities are presented in  Table 1 . The goals of project are both completion time minimization and expected total cost minimization. In the real-life project, due to the influence of uncertain environment, managers should consider the trade-off between the completion time and cost. By describing the increased quantities of resource as uncertain variables, an uncertain resource constrained project scheduling problem is discussed in this paper. Then an uncertain optimal model was built with objective of minimizing the completion time and the cost with resource constrained based on uncertainty theory.
paper_462	To deepen the reform of clinical medical personnel training in an all-round way with the cooperation of medicine and education is the strategic adjustment direction of clinical postgraduate education in China. Through improving the conditions of enrollment, innovating the training mode, adjusting the award marks and improving the system guarantee, it has effectively constructed the professional degree education of master of clinical medicine and standardized resident training. Since the implementation of the new training mode, the quality of postgraduate training has been significantly improved, the employment rate of graduates has been steadily improved, the influence of the school has been expanded, and the experience for relevant units to carry out the reform of postgraduate training mode of clinical medicine master's degree has also been provided for reference. In 1998, it became the first batch of doctoral and master's degree in clinical medicine in China. Pilot units for professional degrees. Since 2009, the school has been focusing on reforming the training mode of clinical master degree postgraduates (hereinafter referred to as clinical master). It not only guarantees the quality of professional degree postgraduate training, but also supplies a large number of high-quality talents for related industries. To vigorously develop professional degree postgraduate education and improve the quality of training high-level applied talents is the focus of the current degree and postgraduate education work. The school accurately grasps the law of professional degree postgraduate education, changes the concept of professional degree postgraduate education, and orientates the training purpose of clinical master as "training doctors who can really see a doctor", aiming to improve the clinical practice ability of postgraduates as the main objective, and is in line with the training goal, thus laying a solid foundation for the organic connection between the two. First, after one year's clinical training in the tertiary and first-class affiliated hospitals of the school, the clinical master who has not obtained the license of a licensed doctor is allowed to apply for the qualification examination of a licensed doctor, which solves the contradiction that the clinical master cannot obtain the license of a licensed doctor during the period of study  [5] . Under the above policy guarantee, the clinical master trained by the school has the dual status of postgraduate and regular trainee. After completing the relevant training content and passing the examination, the qualified certificate of licensed physician qualification and resident standardized training can be obtained. Effective management during the transition period. The staff of the Graduate Management Department of the school conducted a thorough investigation on the effect, problems and suggestions of the training mode of clinical master's degree in various clinical departments, and held dozens of meetings to solve common problems. In order to speed up the development of professional degree postgraduate education, the school has formulated an enrollment policy conducive to the development of professional degree  [9] . The deputy chief physician who meets the age requirement can recruit professional degree postgraduates, and more than two postgraduates must have one professional degree. At the same time, the workload of guiding professional degree postgraduates is directly linked to the promotion of their professional titles. Aiming at the characteristics of professional degree postgraduate education and adapting to the innovation of its training mode, the school has established a funding system different from academic degree postgraduates, and continuously improves the standards and coverage of grants. Therefore, the school has improved the conditions for applying for clinical master's examination, so that it is consistent with the admission conditions of residents' standardized training: undergraduate majors should be clinical medicine, full-time national education series undergraduate graduates, to obtain bachelor's degree. After the admission of clinical master, the school will submit the list to Chongqing Municipal Health Bureau, and register it to Chongqing Municipal Health Bureau resident standardized training registration system without test. It is closely related to clinical practice. Students are brought into the "two levels, two stages" training after they enter school. According to whether the students have obtained the certificate of licensed physician, they are divided into two levels, and different awarding standards are formulated. Requirements for the first stage of training. Students who have obtained the certificate of resident standardization training are directly transferred to specialist training (i.e. How to objectively and effectively assess the clinical competence of postgraduates is the key to ensure the quality of clinical medicine degree award. The main reason for this phenomenon is that since the trial implementation of clinical medical professional degree, the state has not evaluated the quality of the pilot units and lacked an effective monitoring mechanism. The Interim Measures for the Implementation of the Regulations on Academic Degrees of the People's Republic of China promulgated in 1981 stipulates that before the postgraduate's reply, the degree-granting unit shall employ one or two experts from the disciplines concerned with the thesis to review the thesis. The school regularly carries out the training of tutors and managers, explaining in detail the strategic development direction of national postgraduate education and the related policies of clinical master's education in our school. The staff of the Graduate Management Department of the school conducted a thorough investigation on the effect, problems and suggestions of the reform of the training mode of clinical master in various clinical colleges and departments, and organized a meeting to solve some common problems. Thirdly, we should formulate an enrollment system conducive to the development of professional degrees. The number of professional degree postgraduates enrolled by tutors in clinical departments is clearly required. All tutors working in clinical departments must enroll professional degree postgraduates. There are three difficult problems in the training process of master's degree postgraduates of clinical medicine specialty: first, the graduates of clinical medicine specialty with bachelor's degree must work in medical institutions for one year before they can apply for the qualification of practicing physician; second, the graduates with bachelor's degree can't obtain the qualification certificate of practicing physician and can't carry out clinical training; third, some of the graduates with bachelor's degree must work in medical institutions for one year. By promoting the combination of clinical master training and regular training, the problem of clinical master qualification certification has been solved, and a new "5 + 3" training mode has been constructed. The school has thoroughly reformed the training mode of clinical master, organically docked school education with post-graduation education and lifelong education, promoted the seamless docking of professional degree education with industry access standards, accelerated the internationalization process of higher medical personnel training mode, and formed a new systematic training mode for clinical doctors, which has great application value in the whole country. In view of the characteristics of professional degree postgraduate education, the school grasps the development trend of postgraduate education, and closely combines the admission criteria with the industry admission criteria in all aspects of enrollment, cultivation and award of posts, which ensures the complete docking of personnel training and qualifications, and provides mature experience for the seamless docking of professional degree education and Industry admission criteria in China. It provides a mature reference model for the docking of professional degree postgraduate education and industry access standards in other fields in China. It fully guarantees the quality of clinical master training and brings up a large number of high-level applied medical talents for Chongqing and even the whole central and Western regions, which has produced remarkable economic and social effects. Since 2009, the school began to explore the reform of the training mode of clinical master in an all-round way. It has overcome many obstacles and steadfastly promoted the reform. Over the past five years, the reform has achieved fruitful results and basically achieved the expected goals. The main results are as follows: The reform breaks through the restrictions of relevant industry policies on the training objectives and modes of clinical master, and provides innovative modes for brothers to learn from. Dozens of brothers such as Fudan University learn from our experience. In the past five years, a total of 2063 clinical masters enrolled in the school have been integrated into the training. They have trained a large number of high-level applied medical talents for Chongqing and the whole central and Western regions, promoted the development of health undertakings in the central and Western regions, and produced remarkable economic and social benefits  [16] . At present, the school has completed more than 10 research reports and published more than 30 academic papers on the sub-project "Construction and Practice of Quality Assurance System for Medical Degree Postgraduates" of the Ministry of Education Innovation Project. Our school has 10 affiliated hospitals of Grade A and 28 key national clinical specialties. Since the reform of training mode, the enrollment of clinical masters in our university has been increasing rapidly. In the past five years, a total of 2063 clinical masters have been enrolled in the standardized resident training system. The "5 + 3" reform of clinical medicine master's degree in Chongqing Medical University has established a "one goal", that is, to train "doctors who really can see a doctor", and established the basic principles of the reform of training mode of clinical medicine master's degree and the training of clinicians. The implementation of "three combinations", namely, the combination of enrollment and enrollment, training and training, degree award and physician access. The "four certificates association" should be implemented, namely "licensed physician qualification certificate", "standard training qualification certificate", "diploma certificate" and "degree certificate"  [17] . We should build "five guarantees", innovate the management system and mechanism, and ensure that the reform is in place. Through a series of reforms, it has achieved relatively ideal results and accumulated rich experience in reform. It hopes that through continuous exploration and reform, it can play a role in attracting more brothers.
paper_476	Under drastic competition, major express companies have increased their daily delivery frequency to improve customer satisfaction and market share. The results show that: (1) The cost and resources operational efficiency are closely related to the order splitting ratio under the same delivery frequency; (2) The delivery frequency has different effects on the operational efficiency of the resources in different links. (3) Through the proper splitting and loading of orders, staff scheduling, and area adjustment of delivery station, the optimal delivery frequency can be achieved under the balance of cost and resource operational efficiency. In order to reduce the operating costs of logistics enterprises on the basis of ensuring service levels, one should first properly allocate the amount of orders and splitting ratios to achieve an economic increase in the delivery frequency. In addition, it is important for the logistics enterprises to consider the constraints such as delivery resources and consumer satisfaction to achieve the appropriate decision of delivery frequency. As the volume of orders and consumers' demand of rapid delivery services increasing, express companies are required to increase the daily delivery frequency to cope with the pressure of delivery during peak period and meet the consumers' needs effectively. However, the increasing in delivery frequency will lead to changes in the workload of different resources (distributors, facilities, equipment, etc.) The order volume, the orders' splitting ratio, the operational efficiency of delivery resource and the delivery costs will affect the delivery frequency. At present, the researches on delivery frequency, resource operation efficiency and cost utilization were mainly focusing on the following two aspects: (1) Delivery efficiency improvement through the choice of delivery model, And (2) Delivery link optimization. Wang Wei  [17]  analyzed the advantages and disadvantages of self-operated, outsourced, and federated modes in ecommerce delivery model, and constructed a system dynamics model for the combination selection of delivery modes by selecting six core factors, which can provide decision-making advice for managers to improve the delivery efficiency. Hongtao Yang and Jianbang Du  [19] [20] [21]  uses system dynamics to analyze the problems of supply chain and delivery efficiency from the perspectives of transportation routes, drivers and cooperation agreements, and its sensitivity analysis provides some reference to this paper for the corporate in this case to improve the delivery efficiency. Lin Wanting [22]  considers the phenomenon of unfilled orders, information leakage, and product damage which exists in crowdsourcing delivery, then built system dynamics model from five dimensions of reliability, responsiveness, assurance, empathy and security, which provide decision-making advice for enterprise delivery efficiency management. Then, it establishes a simulation model for the operation of the delivery system on the base of system dynamics. Next, it uses the simulation model to study the effect of changes in delivery frequency on delivery costs and resource operation efficiency under different quantity of delivery orders. Secondly, it constructs subsystems of cost and resource operation efficiency for the delivery activities in the boundary. Next, it analyzes the interaction between delivery frequency, cost, and resource efficiency, and builds dynamics simulation model to get the equilibrium of cost and resource operation efficiency under different delivery frequency. As shown in  Figure 1 , JDL delivery process nodes in the area include: warehouses, three sorting centers and two delivery stations; resources include: storage facilities, sorting facilities, various transport vehicles and delivery workers. The delivery cost mainly includes the equipment usage costs and labor costs in the three stages of sorting, transportation and terminal delivery. The variable costs occurred due to the volume of orders, which include operating cost of the sorting equipment, rental cost of the site, units fixed cost of transport vehicle, fuel costs, toll and so on. In addition, the number of working facilities and the operating time are affected by factors such as order quantity, delivery frequency, sorting equipment efficiency, and unit load of transport vehicles. The on-site logistics personnel is the person who puts the sorted goods into a mail packages and places them on a pallet and then sends it to the transportation vehicles. This article considers the utilization efficiency for the facilities, personnel, and technology such as turnover rate of transportation vehicles, the utilization rate of delivery site, and the delivery personnel loading rate, etc., which are put into the sorting, transportation, and terminal delivery links. The increase in the delivery frequency will result in the following two changes: first, the increase in consumer satisfaction; second, the corresponding changes in the cost and resources operational efficiency. The first change may prompt the increase of customer orders and corporate income Therefore the company will increase the investment in delivery facilities and equipment, and thus increase the delivery frequency and service capabilities. At the same time, the factors such as sorting time requirements, proportion of per-order batch, efficiency of the delivery personnel, and unit fuel consumption of the vehicle, will have a direct impact on the delivery frequency. After that, the validity of the model was verified though the error analysis by comparing the simulation data and actual operational data, which includes the average cost of sorting, transportation and terminal delivery. Different delivery frequencies have different splitting ways of total order quantity per day. The delivery frequency in scenarios 2 and 3 was increased by 9.5% over that in scenario 1. In scenarios 2 and 3, when the order quantity was lower than 3,500, the differences between the total delivery costs in Operational Efficiency: A Case Study of Jingdong Logistics different scenarios were very small; when the order quantity was higher than 3,500, the increased rate of cost in scenario 3 was higher for a while than that in scenario 2. The reason is that in scenario 3 the sorting center dispatched more vehicles in advance, which increased the cost of transportation. In this situation, the delivery frequency should be increased accordingly. Within the orders volume ruled in this paper, the delivery frequency and the cumulative delivery costs are positively correlated. In  Figures 10 and 11 , it can be seen that the sorting cost of scenario 2 increased by an average of 157 yuan per day compared to scenario 1, which was due to the increase of delivery Higher frequency led to an increase in the total working time of sorting equipment and equipment costs. This is because that under the current total delivery volume, the order quantity after splitting in the scenario 4 was higher. The difference of average unit sorting costs among scenarios 1, 2 and 4 decreased as the order increased, which is because the change in the sorting costs under different order quantities was small and the difference in the delivery order quantity increased. The transportation cost in scenario 1 showed a rising trend with the increase of orders. Due to the splitting of order, the transportation costs of scenarios 2 and 4 remained unchanged when the order volume was small. When the volume of orders increased to a certain value, the transportation cost of scenario 1 became the highest among the three scenarios. In scenarios 2 and 4 the orders can be met by just increasing the frequency of existing vehicles, however, in scenario 1, new vehicles were needed to meet the transportation needs, which resulted in higher transportation costs. The main reason is that the increase in the delivery frequency improved the demand for the number of delivery personnel and caused the delivery time of delivery personnel to be shorter in a single batch. In terms of unit average terminal delivery cost, all three scenarios have shown a tendency of fluctuating decline, and some of the rises are due to the increase in the costs of delivery personnel and facilities. The vehicle utilization efficiency for the three sorting centers in scenario 4 increased with the order volume since only one transportation vehicle was required to be dispatched from each sorting center within the current order volume. As a result, the company had to increase the number of delivery personnel and the area of shipments. This is because that the ratio between the order quantity and the actual number of delivery personnel at the delivery site was not equal. With the same delivery frequency, the orders splitting ratio influences delivery cost and resource utilization efficiency significantly. The change of delivery frequency has different effects on the resource operational efficiency in different stages of the delivery process. With the same delivery frequency, different order splitting ratios affect delivery cost and resource operational efficiency. Therefore, JDL needs to consider the increase in delivery frequency, the increase in delivery costs, the overloading of resources, and the ratio of orders and splits. With different delivery frequency, JDL's delivery resources and consumer service quality are different. In the same delivery link the demand for delivery resources can be different due to different delivery operational capacities. Therefore, JDL needs to consider different constraints when making delivery frequency decisions. In this case, if scenario 2, 3, or 4 is adopted, one can increase the total number of order shipments by 2,400, 1,400, and 4,450 units respectively without increasing the number of transport vehicles. When the delivery frequency is increased from 3 times per day to 4 times per day, scenario 3 should be adopted from the perspective of increasing consumer satisfaction; scenario 2 should be adopted when the area of delivery stations and the delivery personnel are tight. The delivery frequency has different effects on the resource operational efficiency in different delivery stages. Therefore, JDL should combine the simulation results with the actual situation before making the delivery frequency decision.
paper_479	Handwriting is also a key element in document examination as it leaves a forensic document examiner with the task of determining who the writer of a particular document is and this is achieved through the likelihood ratio (L R) paradigm. Inability to model an individual's handwriting over time has made estimating a full likelihood ratio for comparative handwriting analysis impossible thereby employing nuisance parameters and subjectivity in computation of L R that is not full. This research employed back propagation neural network (BPNN) to model the writing pattern of individuals with input layer as the features of handwriting characters, two hidden layers of three neurons each, activation function sigmoid (s) and an output handwriting. With the help of handwriting model for individual writers, little or no assumptions and no nuisance parameters were employed in achieving full likelihood ratio for comparative handwriting analysis in forensic science. From the research carried out, it can be concluded that modeling an individual's handwriting is a crucial factor in achieving a full likelihood ratio, little/or no inconclusiveness in result reporting and a less degree of disagreements for handwriting identification in a forensic environment. The likelihood ratio paradigm has been studied as a means for quantifying the strength of evidence for a variety of forensic evidence types in handwriting and other types of forensic evidence such as earmark, speech, footprint, fingerprint, glass fragments and DNA  [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] . L R therefore compares the plausibility under two or more propositions and a number of factors are considered when estimating L R . For the handwriting evidence, previous literatures reported many factors and the inability of the forensic examiner to model the writing profile of a writer because it is often believed that an individual's writing profile is a latent characteristic that cannot be observed directly, and is not easily modeled because an individual's writing profile cannot have static characteristics and may change over time  [9] [10] [11]  which has resulted to adopt ad-hoc methods to compute likelihood  [9, 12, 13]  when full likelihood ratio is not achievable. The purpose of this paper is to illustrate how neural network approach to comparative handwriting analysis can greatly affect the outcome of a forensic investigation and make full likelihood ratio achievable. The novelty of our proposed implementation relies on natural handwriting samples over a period of six months from known individuals to form the database to model the writing profile for each writer. By doing so, the meaning of its value becomes clear, that is, how more (or less) the effects are frequent under the conditions of one proposal than under the conditions of the other proposal. The task of verification, which is to determine whether two writing samples compared side-by-side, originates from the same person, was the principal problem addressed. A statistical model for writer verification was developed; it allows computing the likelihood ratio based on a variety of different feature types. The problem of estimating a L R for handwriting has proven to be a non trival task due to the inability to model the writing pattern of an individual and due to the absence of a large database of handwriting and other factors. [17]  based their approach on distribution of measurements from comparing items but their approach was similar to that of marginal L R when full L R was not an option due to the presence of nuisance parameter. [19]  described a statistical model for the writer verification task to determine if two documents were written by the same writer, their model followed the scenario proposed by  [17]  thus suffers from the same weakness  [20]  presented one conceivable way to deal with gauge a probability proportion in near handwriting analysis was delineated. The oddity of the methodology depends on producing reproduced composing samples from an accumulation of composing samples acquired from a realized source to frame a database for evaluating the dissemination related with the numerator of a L R . In a related work, similar examination of probability proportion based proof appraisal strategies in both evaluative and analytical procedures was carried out using a sample collected from female and male author. Assessment of signature handwriting evidence through score-based likelihood ratio based on comparative measurement of relevant dynamic features was carried out by  [22, 9]  presented score-based approaches to calculating forensic probability ratios that have been established as becoming more progressively common in forensic literature. This method is genuinely direct for the score-based L R numerator, which involves creating a list of scores obtained by combining proof objects from the same source. [23]  Asserted that recent analytical developments paired with modern statistical computational tools have led to the proliferation of adhoc techniques for quantifying the probative value of forensic evidence. Features were extracted via local binary pattern from each clustered characters, while the back-propagation neural network was used to learn the writing pattern for each writer and these writing pattern were then stored in the database. The target will help to know which handwriting is original and disguised. In addition, that each individual's writing pattern was modeled using BPNN with the algorithm below, as BPNN can combine and incorporate both literature-based and experimental data to solve problems. The feature information extracted from student handwriting through LBP was entered in NN through input layer and the participation of each class of character variables is calculated by the hidden layer of the network using: formula_1 net j is ith type of factor, n is the number of factors in net i , & ' ! The weight from input points i and two hidden unit j is ! " Weight of additional edge for each unit is bias− θ, where input unit and output vector from the hidden layer are expanded with a 1 component as seen in  Figure 2 . After randomly selecting the weights of the network, the backpropagation algorithm is used to measure the necessary corrections. Step 2: Backpropagation to the output layer This research looked for the first partial derivatives 12 1 ! ) Due to the complexity of modeling the handwriting of a writer and the absence of industrial size databases from which different handwriting can be described  [17, 9]  estimated a marginal L R when the full L R was not possible also in the presence of some parameters considered to be nuisance. This research work was able to model the handwriting for individual in the presence of large-scale database using the back-propagation neural network (BPNN). An inconclusive state is declared if and only if L R value = 1 With the BPNN algorithm to model handwriting pattern for each writer and L R estimation described in  [10]  this paper was able to deal with the problem of inconclusiveness as there was no inconclusive results reported in the investigation, determine who the writer of a questioned document is as well as eliminate the inclusion of parameters considered nuisance in investigation because each writer's handwriting profile could be ascertained due to the BPNN training of the Handwriting categories. Table 1  shows the results of our Estimated Likelihood Ratio (ELR) for a writer against any other author in a collection of appropriate databases where the upper confidence interval (CiU) and the lower confidence interval (CiL) are indicated. Several factors have to be put in place to estimate a full L R for forensic handwriting investigations. This research shows that modeling handwriting pattern for a writer is an important factor in achieving a full L R which will eliminate the use of nuisance parameters in the computation process, lower the disagreement rate with respect to the Hypothesis in support of the prosecutor and also produce no inconclusive result after estimation of L R .
paper_492	Based on known functions of neuroscience the neural network that performs serial parallel conversion and its inverse transformation is presented. By hierarchy connecting the neural networks, the upper neural network that can process general time sequence data is constructed. The activity of the upper neural networks changes in response to the context structure inherent in the time series data and have both function of accepting and generating of general time series data. Eating behavior in animals in the early stages of evolution is also processing time series data, and it is possible to predict behavior although be limited short term by learning the contextual structure inherent in time series data. Although status of nervous system of the animal change according to the recognition by sensory organ and to the manipulation of the object by muscle in the vicinity of the animal itself, the evolved animals have in addition another nervous system so-called long-term memory or episodic memory being involved experience and prediction. In this paper, a new neural network and its behavior are presented based on the above idea. By hierarchical connection of the circuits, it is possible to accept and generate general time series data. Chapter 3 describes the transition of the activated parts of the neural network corresponding the changes of the environment, the short-term memory and the long-term memory. The nervous system related to short-term memory is activated in synchronization with environmental events, but the nervous system involved in long-term memory is highly layered to form an image corresponding to past and future events. Whether the eating behavior is evaluated as intellectual behavior aside, it is possible to mimic this degree of behavior by electronic work at the junior high school level by combining sensors and logic ICs. In the following, rather than the engineering usefulness, to extend the function of the circuit according the evolution of the neural system of the animal. The eating behavior of animals evolved from the aforementioned animals is composed of time series of actions such as extending arms toward the target, opening the palm of hand when approaching the target, closing the palm to grasp the target and bringing to the mouth. The recognition technology of the figure has evolved by the neural network which starts with the perceptron, but it is forced to judge by the relation of the part and the whole as in the example of kanji when the scale of the figure increases. In other words, a trade-off is made between the recognition power of the part in the complex figure recognition and the processing power of the data sequence of the recognition result, and by learning the animal might got the most efficient processing method. On the development of neural networks that deal with general time series data, it is important to proceed without losing affinity with knowledge of neuroscience. It is desirable that the behavior of any neural network system can be expressed by combinations of the simple action parts of animals in the early stages of evolution. In this chapter, it is presented that arbitrary time series data can be divide into basic sequences as the logical basis of neural networks. Finally, it shows the hierarchically connected neural network that can process for general time series data. The neural circuit corresponding to each basic subsequence can be easily configured in the neural network, leading to the realization of processing by hardware of general time series data. Other portion will return to the initial state because no activation factors (may be activated by another time series data). The number and their position of the activated elements is the conversion output corresponding to the serial input  [1] . In the neural network shown in  Figure 2 , the elements are activated one after another by the time series data (in this case, the basic subsequence) from below, and the result is output upward. Therefore, the couplings between the elements are enhanced (Hebb rule) by repeating this conversion, as a result the elements involved in the conversion will be activated by only receiving the first element of the time series data. On the flow direction of data, this parallel to serial conversion is upside down with the serial to parallel conversion described above, but the basis of neural network operation is the same. When the state transition diagram of the  Figure 3  is seen as a serial parallel conversion, the bottom is inputs connected to such sensory organs. The essence of the neural network which performs the parallel serial conversion and the neural network which performs the serial parallel conversion is the same except that the conversion result comes out downward or upward. On other words, both operations of the serial parallel conversion and the reverse conversion are essentially the same on the point both operations are triggered by the first data and proceed waiting for input state change. For each basic subsequence a neural network that accepts and generates the basic subsequence is considered. Since general time series data is consisted of hierarchy of basic subsequences, basic units can process general time series data by identifying the outputs of lower layer basic units as the new time series data. Animal's behavior is considered a time series data consisted of the data that is couple of behavior data and received data. The time series data handled in the first 2 steps are consists of various stimuli of the internal and endocrine system, as well as data that captured by sensory organ from the environment in which the animal is placed. After time sequence data learning, animals are possible to quickly start the operation that continues only by receiving the beginning of the time series data to be corresponding a slight sign. As neural circuits evolve, the movement of each element is captured and accumulated as a context, and it becomes possible to adapt to changes in the new environment. Neuroscientist Damasio calls "image" the internal representation built in the nervous system by stimulation inside and outside the body. In brief, images were advantageous even if an organism were not conscious of the images formed within it. Animals in the early stages of evolution will spend most of their living time obtaining food and avoiding danger. Animals with some evolved sensory organs must recognize, for example, environmental changes from sunrise to sunset as repetitions of a time series data. One of the factors that made the language possible to dramatically expand the range of expression is that it can be used as expression of object even if it is not near. "Tomorrow I'd like to buy a birthday cake at Store A to celebrate you with everyone." "Let's ask store A to put a chocolate plate on the cake with your name on it." And you'll think of the shape of the cake and the action of lifting the chocolate plate and mouthing it. On your birthday day, you may want to see the cake in front of you, identify the cake from store A, which was the one that was the subject of a conversation with your family the day before, and worry about the difference from the previous day's expectations. Because the episode about the cake is remembered, communication is possible and feelings are transmitted. One is time series data based on visual information of the cake in front of you and muscle movements that manipulate chocolate plates, which is produced by the nervous system that animals have from the early stages of evolution. The other is generated by the nervous system that is called " image" by Damasio, is time series data based on the shape of cake produced from family conversations the day before. While the behavior of the former nervous system is reflection of the visual information and movement of the objects nearby, the latter nervous system not only no needs to be synchronized with the former, but also moves independently. Like talking about your childhood while eating cake. However, if the nervous system of the episodic memory is activated by remembering the A shop and the chocolate plate while looking at the cake, the difference between reality and the expectation might become a problem. Stimulus from the sensory organs from the bottom becomes time series data and is transmitted to the upper part. The part shown in red is a part that is particularly activated, the lower red disk is the part activated by the visual data of the chocolate plate that placed in front, the upper red disk is the part that is activating by recalled episode about the chocolate plate. As a result, the shape of the chocolate in the episodic memory is identified as the thing seen in front. When studying objects that are intertwined with portion and whole system such as the nervous system, the idea of category theory can be incorporated to develop the whole without focusing on the details of the object. In neuroscience, the morphism corresponds to synapses and axons, and is responsible for the transmission of information between objects. In this paper, short-term memory and long-term memory are both regarded as time series data brought about by activity in the brain. And the time series data brought by other brain with highly hierarchically connected structure activities is concerning long-term memory. From among the random connections, the necessary connections for the desired operation are selected and enhanced, and the target function is realized. It can be said that the essence of the logic of the operation exists not in the basic unit, but in the connecting situation among basic units selected from randomly initialized connection. From the viewpoint of neuroscience, even if there are no "parts" equivalent to the basic unit in the process of stimulation from the sensory organs propagating to the cerebral cortex, axons parallel to the propagation direction connect between the layers, and it can be said that it is a passage of serial parallel mutually converted information. Constructing neural networks based on known functions of neural circuits, including the Hebb rule, and considering the correspondence between the movements of biological neural circuits will lead to new discoveries in both fields.
paper_507	The area chosen in the present study is Uttarkashi district of Uttarakhand, suffering from frequent landslides every year. In present study we used the already existing topographical maps, satellite imageries and field work. The main aim of present study is to integrate the result of our study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and used the output as a user friendly application using GIS which could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and% contribution of each factor for the same. A frequently used definition of landslide is "movement of mass of rock, earth or debris down a slope" in the words of Cruden  [1] . The active areas include Himalayan region of India and the process of development of this region thus slows down. Uttarakhand is an appropriate choice for the study since the newly developed state has been fighting with the catastrophe and is making front paper headlines for landslide at Vishnuprayag, Baldora, Lambagharchatti, Jharkula, phatabyung, and Amiya landslides  [4] . The recent landslide of 2012 took a heavy toll on life and property, many people lost their lives, and thousands of tourist were stranded due to disrupted communication services  [5] . The result obtained i.e. vector maps could be used for accessing the features for a particular location. Identification of factors which affects to the landslide. Determination of the extent to which the various factors contribute to landslide. There are 793 villages with area drained by major river (s), Yamuna, Ganga. It may be possible that any parameter is important with respect to landslide occurrence for the given area but it is also possible that the importance of same parameter is negligible for another area (Mohammad Onagh, 2012). Thus a number of thematic maps (referred to as data layer in GIS) based on the specific parameters which are related to occurrence of landslide viz. slope, aspect, lithology, rainfall, land cover etc. were generated using ERDAS and ARCGIS v. 9.3. DEM (Digital elevation model) was obtained from BHUVAN. The chosen data are related with the various factors causing landslide at a place. in the form of images and have to be converted into the Vector Form for use in the susceptibility analysis. Four control points are selected on the four corners of the map such that the points mark the spatial extent of the whole map as shown: formula_0 . An artificial neural network is a "computational mechanism able to acquire, represent, and compute a mapping from one multivariate space of information to another, given a set of data representing that mapping". The back-propagation training algorithm is trained using a set of examples of associated input and output values. In the present study we selected 107 points and all the six factors namely soil depth, soil type, rock type, land cover, slope and elevation and a excel database is created. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. However, this is possible only if we know the coefficients called weights. To calculate weights for different factors we have to train the network, thus interrelationship between the nodes of different factors are given. The back-propagation algorithm was then applied to calculate the weights between the input layer (6) and the hidden layer (20), and between the hidden layer (20) and the output layer (1), by modifying the number of hidden node and adjusting the learning rate (0.01). In the training process we change the weights in that way in which the network output and the true values get closer and closer to each other. For a new dataset the weights are unknown. This study was concerned to the region of Uttarkashi due to the limitation of resources and time, we have been able to generate the results for a limited area Rishikesh Uttarkashi-Gangotri-Gaumukh route from latitude 78°19'55.14'' to 78°47'36.27" and longitude 30°32'30" to31°1'9.33". It may be possible that any parameter is important with respect to landslide occurrence for the given area but it is also possible that the importance of same parameter is negligible for another area  [13] . Thus a number of thematic maps (referred to as data layer in GIS) based on the specific parameters which are related to occurrence of landslide viz. slope, aspect, lithology, rainfall, land cover etc. were generated using ERDAS and ARCGIS v. 9.3. We have used only six factors to limit the bulk of data. An artificial neural network technique was used. The dataset is categorized into 60% training and 40% validation. The back-propagation algorithm was then applied to calculate the weights between the input layer (6) and the hidden layer  (15) , and between the hidden layer (15) and the output layer (1), by modifying the number of hidden node and adjusting the learning rate (0.01). The result of present study with spatial data, soil parameters, land inventory and presented by a landslide hazard zonation map and a user friendly application using GIS that could predict the future susceptibility of region to landslide and percentage contribution of each factor for the same.
